{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GandhariUnicode;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green25\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red68\green114\blue196;\red34\green31\blue32;
\red217\green11\blue5;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green23\blue24;\red26\green23\blue24;\red85\green142\blue40;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red183\green202\blue20;\red255\green255\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c26667\c44706\c76863;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c12157\c12549;
\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c10196\c9020\c9412;\cssrgb\c13333\c12157\c12549;\cssrgb\c39975\c61335\c20601;
\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c76538\c81772\c8867;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw16840\paperh11900\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25580\viewh11660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Kanaganahalli Inscriptions\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Draft edition of the corpus of inscriptions from (or currently found at) the Buddhist 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa
\i0  of Kanaganahalli, by Vincent Tournier (03\'9605/2020). Based on the photographic documentation taken at the site on 13\'9616/02/2020 by Vincent Tournier, assisted by Yael Shiri and Akarsh Raghunath. The edition was then compared to the documentations made by Robert Arlt (01\'96??/2021).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 [Not for citation or attribution]
\b0 \cf0 \
\
NB: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Until new inventory numbers are allocated to all inscriptions from the Kanaganahalli area, the present file arranges them into 5 groups:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	(A) Inscriptions already published in Nakanishi and von Hin\'fcber 2014 			[=N&vH] . These are cited following the number adopted therein. \
	(B) Inscriptions only published in Poonacha 2011 [2013] [= MASI], without 	documentation. \
 	(C) Inscriptions documented by VT at the site but not found in the immediate 		vicinity of the 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa
\i0 , which have in common to be engraved on memorial 		stones. \
	(D) Previously undocumented records, not edited in MASI [marked as n.n.]. \
	(E) Selected inscriptions from the corpus edited in Sarma and Varaprasada 		Rao 1993 [= EBIS]. These inscriptions either stem from the 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa
\i0 , were 		documented in the 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa
\i0 \'92s precinct, or are considered relevant to its history.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Inscriptions numbers occurring in bold were all documented by VT. Those whose number is highlighted in yellow were not.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The transliteration system follows that adopted for the EIAD corpus: http://hisoma.huma-num.fr/exist/apps/EIAD/conventions.html.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b A. INSCRIPTIONS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED BY N&VH\

\b0 \
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
\b \

\b0 \'a0
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KnI0001 
\b0 (N&vH I.1; MASI 95)
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 2768; AN p. 91 (Asoka 1); MASI CXXXIX. 3 (p. 463, no. 95), plate CIV, fig. 47b; IAR 1997-98, plate 72\cf3 ; A 1919.\'a0\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  r\uc0\u97 \u772 y\u97 \u772  \'b0asoko\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 +++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0002 
\b0 (N&vH I.2; MASI 97)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 2773 = L 39:38, AN p. 92 (Asoka 2); MASI CXXXIX. 5 (p. 463, no. 97), plate CV; A \cf3 1914\cf0 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 r\uc0\u97 \u772 y\u97 \u772  \'b0asoko\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0003 
\b0 (N&vH I.3 [A] + IV.9 [B] + IV.2 [C] + II.4,22 [D]; MASI 101)\
\
N 3514; ASI\'a0\ul 21\ulnone , AN p. 72;\'a0MASI CXLIII, A-D (p. 464, no. 101)\'a0= MASI CXXXIX.\'a09a-d; plate C = L 39:27 (plate C, B); \cf3 A 2194-6\cf0 \

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 (A)
\b0 \'a0ra\'f1o sirichimu[ka]s\uc0\u97 \u772 tav\u97 \u772 hanasa savachare sod\u803 e 10 6 m\u97 \u772 hiseka
\b (B)
\b0 sa gahapatin\uc0\u97 \u772  tod\u803 esa canagahapatiputesa sabh\u97 \u772 riyesa sa(bhag)inikesa\'a0
\b (C)
\b0 \'a0saputasa saj\uc0\u97 \u772 m\u97 \u772 tusa sasunhasa sagotasa saduhu(takasa)\'a0+ + + +\'a0+ 
\b (D)
\b0 \'a0kac\uc0\u117 \u772 k\u97 \u772  deyadha\u7745 ma[\u7745 ] d\u97 \u772 n\cf0 a\uc0\u7745 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 A-B. m\uc0\u97 \u772 hisekasa
\b0  
\i m\uc0\u257 tisekasa 
\i0 N&vH. The shape of the <
\i h> 
\i0 is peculiar, being more angular than the others in this inscription, but it is still comparable to that found in 
\i saduhu(takasa)
\i0 . Its shape is however markedly distinct from the <
\i ta>
\i0  in -
\i s\uc0\u97 \u772 tav\u97 \u772 hanasa
\i0 , and it is clear that a <
\i hi> 
\i0 was meant. The marker of provenance is well attested in the corpus (e.g., \cf3 KnI0043\cf0 , KnI0049, KnI0067, KnI0094) and it similarly characterises To\uc0\u7693 a in KnI0079. The previous editors (Nakanishi and von Hin\'fcber 2014: 52) accept the view, expressed in Sircar 1971: 52, that M\u257 hisaka points to the Mysore region, but this view is problematic. In fact, Sircar changed his mind soon afterwards (cf. Sircar 1972-1973), in favour of the Chandrapur district of Maharashtra, which is bordering Telangana. Sarma (1988: 68\'9670) identified it with Ptolemy\'92s \u924 \u945 \u953 \u963 \u974 \u955 \u943 \u945  (VII, I, 15), which he identifies as costal \u256 ndhra. The equivalence between the name of the river \u924 \u945 \u953 \u963 \u974 \u955 
\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u959 \u962 , from which 
\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u924 \u945 \u953 \u963 \u974 \u955 \u943 \u945  derives its name, and MIA 
\i mahisa
\i0 , seems incidentally supported by Hesychius  of Alexandria\'92s understanding of the term as pointing to a \'93quadruped similar to a veal.\'94 This seems to presuppose the equivalence 
\i mahisa 
\i0 : Skt. 
\i mahi\uc0\u7779 a
\i0 . Compare Goossen 1947: 53 who, discussing the passage, suggested instead 
\i me\uc0\u7779 a
\i0 . Wherever the exact location of the Mahiseka/Mahi\uc0\u7745 sa(ka) country, it seems clear that it is to be sought to the East (and perhaps Northeast) of Sannati, and not to the South. A set of inscriptions from Guntupalli (Krishna dist., Andhra Pradesh) makes it adamant that Mahi\u7745 saka bordered Kali\u7749 ga, and likely that the Mah\u257 n\u257 gaparvata area (i.e. Guntupalli) was included within it, under the Sada rulers. Cf. EIAD 203\'96206. See also EIAD 216 and 220, and the discussion in Baums et al. 2017: 364\'96368. An as yet unpublished inscription from Amaravati, EIAD 468, also refers to the Mahi\u7745 saka region (
\i mahisakama\uc0\u7745 \u7693 ala
\i0 ). On the long-established connections of Mahi\uc0\u7745 sa(ka) with the \u256 ndhra region in Japanese scholarship, see also the references in Demi\'e9ville 1951: 265, n. 1; Silk 2012: 143, n. 46; and especially Yamazaki 1979: 138\'96141.  \

\b B. gahapatin\uc0\u97 \u772 
\b0  Understand 
\i gahapatino. 
\i0 The hand active on this slab is distinct from the one of part A. In fact, four different hands may have engraved the four parts of the record. The hand active in part B looks more cursive and less expert than the others, which perhaps explains the further irregularities in the ending of all following words.   
\i \

\i0\b B. to\uc0\u7693 esa canagahapatiput\cf2 e\cf0 sa
\b0  The left horizontal stroke on top of the <
\i \uc0\u7693 a>
\i0  looks like the marker of a 
\i <e>
\i0 , and a similar (and similarly unexpected) sign is found in the penultimate consonant of the three following words. I suggest the four 
\i <e> 
\i0 have to be understood as super\cf3 fluous. Thus, the name of the first 
\i gahapati
\i0  has to be To\uc0\u7693 a. N&vH comment (p. 107) : \'93The sequence tod\u803 esacanagahapatiputesa could be segmented either as tod\u803 esacanagahapatiputesa, tod\u803 e-sacana-gahapatiputesa or as tod\u803 esa ca \{na\}gahapatiputesa.\'94 This interpretation is partly explained by the fact that the former editors read the first epithet as a proper name M\u257 tiseka. They seem also to have been reluctant in interpreting To\u7693 a as a proper name of a\cf0 n individual, which explains their translation of 
\i to\uc0\u7693 agahapatino
\i0  
\i deyadhama
\i0  in KnI0139 as \'93pious gift of the banker (of the) To\uc0\u7693 a (family?)\'94 (see however von Hin\'fcber 2018: 360). While 
\i to\uc0\u7693 akula
\i0  is attested once, in KnI0092, in an inscription accompanying a \'93family portrait,\'94 the other occurrences of the word do seem to point to the name of the family\'92s head. See also EIAD 399, where Mah\uc0\u257 to\u7693 a is unambiguously an individual\'92s name. As for the name Cana, it may be understood as Dravidian 
\i canna
\i0 /
\i cenna
\i0 , meaning (according to DEDR, s.v.) \'93a man of beauty, a handsome man.\'94
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf3 B.  sa(bhag)inikesa
\b0  
\i sa
\i0  /// N&vH.\

\b D. \cf0 deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma[\u7745 ] d\u97 \u772 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhamad\uc0\u97 \u772 na
\i0  N&vH. The editors remark that \'93the expression 
\i deyadhamad\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 might occur once again in a damaged inscription at Amar\uc0\u257 vat\u299  (Tsukamoto, II Amar 15.4): 
\i deyadhamad(\uc0\u257 na?)
\i0 \'85\'94 My new reading of this inscription (EIAD 237, l. 3) has instead : \'85 
\i [de]yadha\uc0\u7745 ma \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [pa]ti\uc0\u7789 hapita
\i0  \'85 EIAD 305, l. 3 has however the two expressions coexisting: \'85 
\i deyadhamaparicak\uc0\u257  be suciya d\u257 n\u257 
\i0 . See also EIAD 266.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
KnI0004 
\b0 (N&vH I.4; MASI 96)
\b \'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 3231a; ASI\'a0\ul 58\ulnone ; AN p. 90; MASI CXXXIX. 4 (p. 463, no. 96), plates LX, A; CVIII, A = L 38:18; fig. 48a;\cf3  A 1717-18, 1738.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1)
\b0  r\uc0\u97 \u772 j\u97 \u772  sirichimukas\u97 \u772 dav\u97 \u772 hano\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0005 
\b0 (N&vH I.5; MASI 94)
\b \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 L 37:40-4\cf3 4; ASI\'a0\ul \ulc3 40\ulnone ; AN p. 81; MASI CXXXIX.\'a02 (p. 463, no. 94), plate LXI, A; CX, A; A 2404 N 3002\'a0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1)
\b0  r\uc0\u97 \u772 y[\u257 ]\'a0matalako\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _______\
1. \cf3 r\uc0\u97 \u772 y[\u257 ] : 
\i \cf0 r\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH\cf7 ; 
\i r\uc0\u257 yo 
\i0 RA\cf0 .\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0006 
\b0 (N&vH I.6; MASI 240)\
\
N 2732; ASI 30; AN p. 77; MASI (p. 477, no. 240), plate CXI, A; (LXI, B [?]); \cf3 A\'a02143\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  r\uc0\u97 \u772 y\u97 \u772  s[u]daras\u97 \u772 takani\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0007 
\b0 (N&vH I.7; MASI 102)\
\
N 3326; ASI\'a0\ul 59\ulnone ; AN p. 91; MASI CXXXIX.10 (p. 464, no. 102), p\cf3 late CIX, fig. 48b; A 1703-5, 1712-15, 1740\'a0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 r\uc0\u97 \u772 y\u97 \u772  s\u97 \u772 takan\u803 [i] (mah\u97 \u772 )[c](e)[t](i)yasa r[\cf3 \uc0\u363 \cf0 ]p\uc0\u97 \u772 may\u97 \u772 ni payum\cf3 \uc0\u97 \u772 ni o\cf2 \cb5 no\cf3 \cb1 yeti\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 s\uc0\u97 \u772 takan\u803 [i]
\b0  
\i s\uc0\u97 \u772 takan\u803 (i)
\i0  N&vH.\

\b (mah\uc0\u97 \u772 )[c](e)[t](i)yasa 
\i\b0 (mah\uc0\u97 \u772 ce)[t](i)yasa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b r[\uc0\u363 ]p\u97 \u772 may\u97 \u772 ni
\b0  
\i r[u]p\uc0\u97 \u772 may\u97 \u772 ni
\i0  N&vH.\

\b onoyeti
\b0  
\i o\uc0\u7751 [o]yeti
\i0  N&vH.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0008 
\b0 (N&vH I.8; MASI 75)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 See Tournier 2020.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  sidha || na[mo] bhagavato samasabudhasa \uc0\u9674  \'b0adh\u257 lakamah\u257 
\b (2)
\b0 ce[t]iyasa [ra]\'f1o v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 hiputasiripulum\u257 visa 
\b (3)
\b0  savachare 30 5 gi[m]h(\uc0\u257 )na pakhe 2 10 \u9674  \cf3 korukulana\cf8  
\b \cf0 (4)
\b0 \'a0bhikhuniya \uc0\u9674  dhamasiriy\u257 ya \u9674  \'b0agarik[o] pa\u7789 asa
\b (5)
\b0 tharo ca deyadhama \uc0\u9674  saha \'b0a[m\u257 ]p[itu]hi \u9674  saha ca me 
\b (6)
\b0  upaj\uc0\u257 \'b0ehi bhayatava[ra]nabhutihi \u9674  sahi ca bhayata
\b (7)
\b0 [s]ihehi \uc0\u9674  savasat\u257 na ca hitasughatha\
______\
\

\b 1.\'a0sidha
\b0  vH; 
\i siddha
\i0  F.\

\b 2.\'a0\'b0adh\uc0\u257 lakamah\u257 ce[t]iyasa 
\i\b0 \uc0\u347 udhalakamah\u257 ce[t]iyasa
\i0\b  
\b0 F; 
\i \'b0adh[\uc0\u257 ]laka-mah\u257 ce(t)iyasa
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 2. v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 hi[p]utasiripulum\u257 visa 
\b0 F; 
\i v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 hi[p]uta siri pulum\u257 visa
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 3.\'a0gi[m]h(\uc0\u257 )na
\b0  
\i [gimhana]
\i0  F; 
\i gi(m)h(\uc0\u257 )na
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 4.\'a0bhikhuniya
\b0  
\i bhikhuniye
\i0  F N&vH.\

\b 4\'965.\'a0\'b0agarik[o] pa\uc0\u7789 asatharo
\b0  \'b0
\i akhar[i]kapa\uc0\u7789 a satharo
\i0  F;
\i  \'b0agarak[o]
\i0  
\i pa\uc0\u7789 asatharo
\i0  N&vH. The 
\i <i>
\i0  is marked by a vertical wave, instead of a semi-circular stroke. This unusual shape is explained by the limited space left by the long descender of the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  <
\i ka> 
\i0 in the preceding line. Unusual <
\i i> 
\i0 and <
\i \uc0\u299 > 
\i0 markers, adapting to similar constraints, may be observed elsewhere, for instance in EIAD 40 (IBH, Naga 19), ll. 7 (in <
\i n\uc0\u299 >
\i0 ) and 8 (in 
\i <ni
\i0 >). \

\b 5.\'a0\'b0a[m\uc0\u257 ]p[itu]hi 
\i\b0 \'b0a[m\uc0\u257 pitu]hi 
\i0 F;
\i  \'b0a[m\uc0\u257 pit\u363 ]hi 
\i0 N&vH. \

\b bhayatava[ra]nabhutihi
\b0  F; 
\i bhayata va[ra]nabhutihi
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 6\'967. sahi ca bhayata[s]ihehi
\b0  
\i saha ca bhayata [s]ihehi
\i0  F N&vH. Emend 
\i saha
\i0 . \

\b 7. savasat\uc0\u257 na 
\b0 N&vH;
\b  
\i\b0 savasa[ta]na
\i0  F.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0009 
\b0 (N&vH I.9; MASI 99)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 2949 = L 39:39-40; ASI\'a0\ul 39\ulnone ; AN p. 81; MASI CXXXIX.7 (p. 463, no. 99), plates CXII, LXI, C, figure 48c; \cf3 A 2407\'a0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \'a0
\b0 \

\b (1)
\b0  r\uc0\u97 \u772 ya pul\u803 um\u97 \u772 vi \'b0ajayatasa \'b0ujeni deti\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \'a0\
KnI0010 
\b0 (N&vH I.10; MASI 15)\
\
MASI CXXXI.\'a05 (p. 451, no. 15) = CXLVI, A-C; ARIE 2014-15, B.81\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)\'a0
\b0 (sidha\uc0\u7745  \u9674 ) r(a)\'f1(o) v[\u97 \u772 ]sit\u803 h[\u299 ]putasa \u9674  s[i]ris[\u257 ]daka\u7751 i[sa] \u9674  [sa]va[cha]r[e] [6] \u9674  gi[mh]\u97 \u772 \u7751 a pakh\cf2 a\cf0 \'a04 \uc0\u9674 \'a0divasa 5 \u9674  \'b0utar\u97 \u772 hakena \u9674  sathav\u97 \u772 hena \u9674  sama[\u7751 e]na\'a0\u9674  u[j]uk\u257  pat\u257  \u9674  cat\u97 \u772 ri ca p\u97 \u772 yak\u257  \u9674  [de]ya[dhama]\

\b (2)
\b0 \'a0savabudhap\uc0\u363 c\u97 \u772 ya \u9674  m\u97 \u772 t\u97 \u772 pitu\cf2 no\cf0  \uc0\u9674  p\cf2 \uc0\u363 \cf0 c\uc0\u97 \u772 ya \u9674  savalokahi(ta)[s]ugh\u97 \u772 ya\
______\

\b 1. v[\uc0\u97 \u772 ]sit\u803 h[\u299 ]putasa
\b0  
\i v(\uc0\u257 )s[i]\u7789 h[i]pu[tasa] 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 1. s[i]ris[\uc0\u257 ]daka\u7751 i[sa]
\b0  
\i s[i]r[i] sadakan[i](sa)
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. [sa]va[cha]r[e]
\b0  
\i (savacha)r[a]
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. gi[mh]\uc0\u97 \u772 \u7751 a 
\i\b0 gi[mh]\uc0\u97 \u772 na
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. sama[\uc0\u7751 e]na
\b0  
\i sama[l](e)n\uc0\u803 a
\i0  N&vH. The editors\'92 comparison, to argue against the reading <
\i \uc0\u7751 e>
\i0  of the third 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  in MASI, of the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  with <
\i lo> 
\i0 in l. 2 is not convincing.  \

\b 1. \'b0u[j]uk\uc0\u257  pat\u257 
\b0  
\i \'b0u[d]uk[o]pat[o] 
\i0 N&vH. Their remark that \'93the reading 
\i uju
\i0 - [proposed by MASI] can safely be ruled out\'94 is incorrect, in light of the new documentation. Indeed, while the middle horizontal stroke of the <
\i ja> 
\i0 is faint, it is nonetheless visible. Cf. Nakanishi & von Hin\'fcber 2014: 16.\

\b 1. p\uc0\u97 \u772 yak\u257 
\b0  
\i p\uc0\u97 \u772 yaka
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 2. savabudhap[\uc0\u363 ]c\u97 \u772 ya
\b0  
\i savabudhap[u]c\uc0\u97 \u772 ya
\i0  N&vH. This reading is confirmed by the next occurrence of 
\i p\uc0\u363 c\u257 ya
\i0 , for 
\i p\uc0\u363 j\u257 ya
\i0 . \

\b 2. m\uc0\u97 \u772 t\u97 \u772 pituno
\b0  
\i m\uc0\u97 \u772 t\u97 \u772 pituna
\i0  N&vH. \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 2. \cf0 p\uc0\u363 c\u97 \u772 ya
\b0  
\i puy\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. savalokahi(ta)[s]ugh\uc0\u97 \u772 ya
\b0  
\i savalokah(ita)[s]ugh\uc0\u97 \u772 ya
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \cb5 KnI0011\cf0 \cb1  
\b0 (N&vH I.11 + MASI 256), fragment of a chattra pillar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 None of the three fragments reproduced in N&vH were documented by either RA or VT. The identification of MASI 256 as a fragment of the same inscribed object is due to R. Arlt. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)\
(1)
\b0 \'a0(ya)///\'f1as\uc0\u97 \u772 takan\u803 [i]sa\'a0sa\u7745 vachare [10] \cf3 gimh\uc0\u97 \u772 na\u7745 \cf0 \

\b (2)
\b0  ? ? [sa]t[i]\cf3 k[e]na\cf0  maha\cf3 da\cf0 tasa \cf3 d\uc0\u97 \u772 na\'a0chata\cf0 \

\b (3)
\b0 \'a0mah\uc0\u97 \u772 ceti\cf3 ye \'96\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. ? ? [sa]ti\cf3 k[e]na
\b0  
\b tik[\uc0\u257 ]na mahadatasa
\b0  
\i ta[k\uc0\u97 \u772 ]na maha\u7693 atasa
\i0  \cf0 N&vH. This appears the same individual that Sa(\uc0\u7745 )tika Mah\u257 senadatta, occurring as donor in KnI0099, KnI0100, and KnI0292. In KnI0263, which bears the same date, the donor is similarly called 
\i mahadata
\i0 -, which may be short for Mah\uc0\u257 senadatta.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0012 
\b0 (N&vH I.12; MASI 143)\'a0\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 2826-2832; CXLI.9 (p. 467, no. 143), plate XLIV, B = CXLIV, B; \cf3 A 1992-96\cf0 \
On two sides of an octogonal pillar once supporting an umbrella.\
Recovered from STR-I (see MASI, p. 113).\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \'a0
\b0 \

\b (1)
\b0 \'a0sidha\uc0\u7745 \'a0||\'a0ra\'f1o gotamiputasa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 siriya\'f1as\uc0\u97 \u772 takan\u803 isa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sa[va] 10 1\

\b (2)
\b0 \'a0hemat\uc0\u97 \u772 na \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 pakhe 1 diva 1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bhikhusa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 dhamakadhikasa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bodhikayasa  \

\b (3)
\b0 \'a0chata\'a0deyadhama \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sah\uc0\u97 \u772  m\u97 \u772 t\u97 \u772 pit\u117 \u772 hi \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sah\uc0\u97 \u772  ca \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bh\uc0\u97 \u772 t\u117 \u772 bhaginihi\

\b (4)
\b0 \'a0savalokahit\uc0\u97 \u772 ya\
_________________\

\b 1. sidha\uc0\u7745  
\i\b0 siddha\uc0\u7745 
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \'a0\
KnI0013 
\b0 (N&vH I.13; MASI 68)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 N 2802-2806 = L 42:33-35; MASI CXXXVI.1 (p. 457, no. 68) = CXLV; plate CXXV,\'a0G\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  [si]dha namo bhagavato \uc0\u9674  ra\'f1o v\u97 \u772 sit\u803 hiputasa \u9674  siris\u257 takanisa sava 10 1 v\u97 \u772  pa 1 di 1 pava\'b0itasa kanhasirisa bh\u97 \u772 tun\u803 o \u9674  saghakasa deyadha(ma)\
__________\

\b 1. siris\uc0\u257 takanisa
\b0  
\i sa\uc0\u7693 asatakanisa
\i0  N&vH\cf3 .\cf0 \

\b 1. pava\'b0itasa
\b0  
\i pavab\uc0\u97 \u772 tasa
\i0  N&vH, noting (p. 38): \'93Although the reading 
\i pavab\uc0\u257 tasa
\i0  
\i kanhasir(i)sa
\i0  is beyond doubt, this is certainly an error for 
\i pavayitasa
\i0 , silently corrected in MASI, once the inscription III.2,1 [= KnI0146] is compared.\'94\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0014 
\b0 (N&vH I.14; MASI 150)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 MASI CXLVII, A, B (p. 469, no. 150), plate L, A, cf. plate XXVI, A = CXLVII\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)\'a0
\b0 (namo bha)[ga]vato budhasa \uc0\u9674  ra\'f1o m\u97 \u772 d\u803 hariputasa \u9674  siripulum\u97 \u772 visa [sa](vachare) + + + + + diva[s](a\u7745 ) 5\'a0 s\cf2 [i]\cf0 dakapavatakasa \'b0u[v]///(\uc0\u257 sakasa)\

\b (2)
\b0 \'a0? va v\uc0\u97 \u772 n\u803 ijaputasa \u9674  h\u97 \u772 g\u97 \u772 n\u803 a kan\u803 hasirisa \u9674  sam\u97 \u772 tukasa \u9674  (sabh\u97 \u772 )[t]ukasa \u9674  saputakasa dejadhama \u9674  cetiyapat\u803 o \u9674  sava[l]///(oka)\'a0\
______\

\b 1. (bha)[ga]vato
\b0  
\i (bhaga)vato
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. m\uc0\u97 \u772 d\u803 hariputasa
\b0  The 
\i m\uc0\u257  
\i0 is engraved above a previously traced 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 , such as a <
\i ka> 
\i0 or more likely a second <
\i \'f1o> 
\i0 written by dittography.  \

\b 1. diva[s](a\uc0\u7745 ) 5
\b0  
\i d[i]va [10] 5
\i0 \'a0N&vH.\

\b 1. s[i]dakapavatakasa
\b0  
\i s[\uc0\u257 ]dakapavatakasa 
\i0 N&vH. The vocalic marker of the first 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 , although it is damaged, rather clearly curves rightwards. Sidaka probably stands for Skt. 
\i siddhaka
\i0 , pointing to a kind of tree. See pw, s.v. \

\b 1. \'b0u[v]///(\uc0\u257 sakasa) 
\i\b0 [dhava] 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 2. ? va
\b0  
\i [de]va 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0015 
\b0 (N&vH II.1,1; MASI 73), 
\i \cf9 \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  pillar, eastern 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ga
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 akasa\

\b (2)
\b0  \uc0\u7751 a\u7735 ab\u257 hukana\u7745 \

\b (3)
\b0  \'b0utikaputasa\

\b (4)
\b0  gahapatino\

\b (5)
\b0  \'b0asilasa\

\b (6)
\b0  sam\uc0\u257 tukasa\

\b (7)
\b0  sabhariyasa\

\b (8)
\b0  saputakasa\

\b (9)
\b0  \'b0\uc0\u257 yuva\u7693 hanika\u7745 \

\b (10)
\b0  \'b0\uc0\u257 y\u257 gathabh\u257 \

\b (11)
\b0  cat\uc0\u257 ri deyadhama\u7745 \
_______\

\b 9. \'b0\uc0\u257 yuva\u7693 hanika\u7745 
\b0  \'b0
\i \uc0\u257 yuva\u7693 hanika
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 11. deyadhama\uc0\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhama
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0016 
\b0 (N&vH II.1,2; MASI 74),\cf9  fragment of an 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  pillar, eastern 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ga
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1-8)
\b0 : lost\

\b (9)
\b0  [\'b0\uc0\u257 ](yuva\u7693 hanika\u7745 )\

\b (10)
\b0  \'b0\uc0\u257 [y](\u257 gathabh\u257 )\

\b (11)
\b0  cat\uc0\u257 ri deyadhama[\u7745 ]\
______\

\b 9. [\'b0\uc0\u257 ](yuva\u7693 hanika\u7745 )
\b0  
\i [\'b0\uc0\u257 ](yuva\u7693 hanika)
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 11. deyadhama[\uc0\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i deyadhama
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0017 
\b0 (N&vH II.1,3; MASI 71)\cf9 , 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  frieze\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 See Tournier 2020.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (sidha | korug\uc0\u257 lak\u257 na) /// \'b0[\u257 ]cari\'b0\u257 na bhayatasatika\u7751 a \u9674  \'b0atev\u257 siniya [pa]va\'b0it[\u257 ]ya [b]udharakhit\u257 ya \u9674  \'b0\u257 y\u257 kapa\u7789 \u257  \u9674  \'b0adh[\u257 ]lakacetiyadhamara\'b0ika\u9674 deyadhama pati\u7789 h\u257 pit[\u257 ] [t](i)\
______\

\b 1. bhayatasatika\uc0\u7751 a
\b0  
\i bhayata sat[ikana] 
\i0 N&vH. Read -
\i kana
\i0 , as in KnI II.1,4.\

\b 1. [pa]va\'b0it[\uc0\u257 ]ya 
\i\b0 [pa]vajit[\uc0\u257 ]ya
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 1. -dhamara\'b0ika-
\b0  -
\i dhamarajaka
\i0  N&vH. 
\b  \
1. pati\uc0\u7789 h\u257 pit[\u257  t](i)
\b0  
\i pati\uc0\u7789 h\u257 pit[\u257 ] ?
\i0  
\i ///
\i0  N&vH. \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0018 
\b0 (N&vH II.1,4; MASI 72)\cf9 , 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  frieze.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1)
\b0  (s)[i]dha korug\uc0\u257 lak\u257 na \cf0 \'b0\cf3 \uc0\u257 cari\'b0\u257 na \cf9 bhayatasati\cf10 ka\cf9 na \cf0 \'b0\cf3 atev\uc0\u257 sin(i)ya bhikhuniya dhamarakhitiya \cf0 \'b0\cf3 adh[\uc0\u257 l]///(akacetiyadhamara\'b0ika)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. bhayatasatikana 
\i\b0 \cf9 bhayata \cf3 satak[\uc0\u257 ]na
\i0  \cf0 N&\cf3 vH.\

\b 1. dhamarakhitiya
\b0  
\i dhamarakhit\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  \cf0 N&\cf3 vH.\

\b 1. \'b0adh[\uc0\u257 l](akacetiyadhamara\'b0ika) 
\i\b0 [\'b0ay](\uc0\u257 gapa\u7789 \u257 ) 
\i0 \cf0 N&\cf3 vH.\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0019 
\b0 (N&vH II.1,5; MASI 44)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Western \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  ///[sa]vo \uc0\u257 y\u257 ko\
__________\

\b 1. [sa]vo
\b0  
\i pavo 
\i0 N&vH. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KnI0020 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,1; MASI \cf9 204?\cf0 )\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Likely identifiable with MASI 204.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  [bh]\uc0\u363 ta\u7745 nik\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na\u7745 \
______\

\b 1. [bh]\uc0\u363 ta\u7745 nik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i [ca]tanik\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH, who remarked: \'93The reading of the name, which resists explanation, is uncertain.\'94 The female name Bh\uc0\u363 ta\u7745 nik\u257  is encountered again in KnI0088.\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0021 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,2; MASI 207)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  \'b0utaramit\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na[\u7745 ] puphagahan[i] \cf2 v(i)s(a)y(i)\cf9 \
______\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 nam
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0022 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,3; MASI 210)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  payavati[m](i)t\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na[\u7745 ] puphagahani dasahi\
______\

\b 1. payavati[m](i)t\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i payavat\uc0\u257 m[i]t\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH. The element 
\i payavati 
\i0 likely corresponds to Skt. 
\i praj\uc0\u257 pati
\i0 .\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0023 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,4; MASI 212)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  ///sam\uc0\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na[\u7745 ]\
_________\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0024 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,5\cf0 ; MASI \'97)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\cf2 a\cf3 ya gharaniy\uc0\u257  n\u257 g\u257 ya puphagahani \cf9 d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]\cf3 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ikaya
\b0  
\i dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\u257 ya
\i0  N\cf9 &vH. Understand 
\i \cf3 dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\u257 ya.
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. n\uc0\u257 g\u257 ya
\b0  
\i n\uc0\u257 g\u257 y[\u257 ]
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0025 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,6; MASI 62)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\u257 ya ghariniy\u257  n\u257 [g](\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na\u7745 )\
______\

\b 1. n\uc0\u257 [g](\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na\u7745 )
\b0  
\i n\uc0\u257 (g\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na) 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0026 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,7; MASI 65[b])\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  manik\uc0\u257 rasa mahamar[i]tino sabh\u257 riyasa saputakasa sadu[h](utakasa) [saj\u257 ]m\u257 tukasa d\u257 na cetiyapu[pha]gaha-\

\b (2)
\b0 nik\cf2 a\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 _______\

\b 1-2. \cf9 cetiyapu[pha]gahanika 
\i\b0 [cetiyapu](pha)[gaha](ni) 
\i0 N&vH, who seem to have missed the two 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 s engraved below line 1, for lack of space. \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0027 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,8; MASI 205), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// \cf2 ?\cf0  k\cf2 e\cf0 ka + + + k\uc0\u257 ya pu///(phagahani)\cf9 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf2 ?\cf0  k\cf2 e\cf0 ka + + + k\uc0\u257 ya
\i\b0  \cf9 koka ... k(a)ya 
\i0 N&vH. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0028 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,9\cf0 ; MASI 198)\cf9 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Not recognised to be identical to \cf0 MASI 198\cf9  by N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// \cf9 [pu]phagahanipa\uc0\u7789 a\u7745  d\u257 na\u7745 \
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. [pu]phagahanipa\uc0\u7789 a\u7745 
\b0  
\i [pu]phagahanipa\uc0\u7789 a 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0029 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,10; MASI 203), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Identifiable with MASI 203.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [p]uphagahani d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 \
__________\

\b 1. [p]uphagahani
\i\b0  \cf9 puphagahapa(\uc0\u7789 a) 
\i0 N&vH. There is a trace of a vertical to the left of the <
\i ni>
\i0 , which suggests the engraver might have first undertaken to engraved a second <
\i ha>
\i0 , a dittography he then realised. This situation explains how the previous editors saw a <
\i pa>
\i0 , but the reading <
\i ni> 
\i0 is nonetheless certain. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0030 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,11; MASI 217)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf9 dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 \cf2 a\cf9 kasa har(i)pusasa pa\uc0\u7789 a[\u7745 ] d\u257 na\u7745 \
________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 har(i)pusasa
\b0  
\i harapusasa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b pa\uc0\u7789 a[\u7745 ] d\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i pa\uc0\u7789 ad\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0031 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,12; MASI63=268?)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf9 (\uc0\u347 r\u299 vatsa) dhamasiriya pa\u7789 a[\u7745 ] d\u257 na\u7745  (\u347 r\u299 vatsa)\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. pa\uc0\u7789 a[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i pa\uc0\u7789 a
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0032 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,13; MASI 28)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf9 [dha]\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik(\u257 )ya \'b0ayad\u257 siy\u257  sapuphagahanika d\u257 na\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1.\cf0  \cf9 [dha]\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik(\u257 )ya
\b0  
\i (dha)\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik(\u257 )ya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0033 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,14; MASI 29)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  ///[sapa]sa \'b0upa\uc0\u7789 h\u257 yakasa \'b0ayabudharakhitasa sapuphagahanika d\u257 (na)\
_________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. [sapa]sa
\b0  
\i dh. + sa 
\i0 N&vH. It is tempting to reconstruct the name of the teacher as 
\i (ka)sapasa
\i0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0034 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,15; MASI 222)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Although not recognised by N&vH, this inscription very probably corresponds to MASI 222.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  ther\uc0\u257 na bhayatamah\u257 rakhit\u257 na \'b0atev\u257 siniya [\'b0a]la[ka]nha\cf3 [k]iciya\cf9  [\'b0u]t[i]y\uc0\u257 ya mah\u257 cetiye d[e]yadhama\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. ther\uc0\u257 na bhayatamah\u257 rakhit\u257 na
\b0  
\i [the](r\uc0\u257 na) (bha)[yata ma]h\u257 [rakhit\u257 na] 
\i0 N&vH. \

\b 1. \'b0atev\uc0\u257 siniya
\b0  
\i \'b0atev\uc0\u257 sin\u257  +
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 1. [\'b0a]la[ka]nha\cf3 [k]iciya
\b0 \cf9  
\i + + + + k\uc0\u257 caya 
\i0 N&vH. -
\i kici
\i0  may be here feminine form for -
\i kica
\i0 , Skt. 
\i k\uc0\u7771 tya
\i0 , a term attested in composition with what appear to be toponyms in the Amaravati corpus. See EIAD 278, l. 1: \'85 
\i \cf0 (ca)dakicasa gahapatisa kanhatiputasa
\i0  \'85; EIAD 312, l. 1\'962: 
\i chad\uc0\u257 kicasa sethipamukhasa bhadanigamasa
\i0 ; \cf9  EIAD 350, l. 1: \'85
\i \cf0 tulakicasa gahapatisa kubulasa putasa
\i0  \'85 L\'fcders 1912: 179, no. 1205a renders the latter compound as \'93inhabitant of Tulaka\'94.\cf9 \

\b 1. [\'b0u]t[i]y\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i + + taya + +
\i0  N&vH. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0035 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,16; MASI \'97)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  ther\uc0\u257 na [bha]yatamah[\u257 ]rakhit\u257 [na\u7745 ] \'b0at[e]v\u257 si[niya \'b0a]laka[n](ha)\cf3 [kici](ya) \cf9 [\'b0u]t[iy](\uc0\u257 ya) (mah\u257 ce)[tiy](e) [d](e)[ya]dha[ma] (d\u257 )na\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. ther\uc0\u257 na
\b0  
\i + + ra ther\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH. I see no <
\i ra>
\i0 , nor indeed any 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara 
\i0 before 
\i ther\uc0\u257 na
\i0 , which could well mark the beginning of the record, as in KnI0034.\

\b 1.  [bha]yatamah[\uc0\u257 ]rakhit\u257 [na\u7745 ]
\b0   
\i bhayata maharakhit\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 1. \'b0at[e]v\uc0\u257 si[niya]
\b0  
\i \'b0at(e)v\uc0\u257 sin. + 
\i0 N&vH. \

\b 1. [\'b0a]laka[n](\cf3 ha)[nica](ya)
\b0  
\i \cf9 + + gha + + + +
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 1. [\'b0u]t[iy](\uc0\u257 ya)
\b0   
\i + tara + +
\i0  N&vH. \

\b 1. (mah\uc0\u257 ce)[tiy](e)
\b0  
\i + + \uc0\u7751 a + + 
\i0 N&vH. \

\b 1. [d](e)[ya]dha[ma]
\b0  
\i (de)[ya]dha(ma) 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0036 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,17; MASI 61)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  therasa \'b0ayapunavasuno d\uc0\u257 na savabudhapuy\u257 ya\cf0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0037 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,18; MASI 206)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  [s]idha || dhamakadhikasa \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 n\uc0\u257 gasi\cf0 \uc0\u10216 ri\u10217 \cf9 sa \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 dejadhama \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sa///(ha)\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. [s]idha
\b0  
\i s[i]dha\ul m
\i0 \ulnone  N&vH, who refer to a \'93rare 
\i vir\uc0\u257 ma 
\i0 written as a vertical stroke above the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara dha.
\i0 \'94 See also Nakanishi and von Hin\'fcber 2014: 14. What looks like a (horizontal) stroke in the picture reproduced by them is in fact a crack in the stone.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0038 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,19\cf0 ; MASI \'97)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
Misidentified with MASI 199 in N&vH. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  dhamakadhikasa \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 n\uc0\u257 gas[i]r(i)sa \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [de](ja)[dha]ma \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  saha [bh\uc0\u257 ](t)un\u257  \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  n\uc0\u257 gabudhin\u257 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. [de](ja)[dha]ma \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  
\b0  
\i [d](eja)[dhama] |
\i0  N&vH. What the previous editors take as a 
\i da\uc0\u7751 \u7693 a
\i0  is probably just an accident of engraving.  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0039 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 \cb5 II.2,20=\cf9 \cb1 II.2,21\cf0 ; MASI 223), 
\i puphagahani
\i0\b \cf9 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf9 \cb1 \
This inscription is edited twice by N&vH, as II.2,20 and II.2,21. It corresponds to MASI 223.The break on the stone under the ak\uc0\u7779 ara <
\i ka>
\i0 , visible in both pictures published by the editors make it rather clear it is a same stone, despite the hesitation expressed by them. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  dhamakadhika[sa] \cf3 \'b0ayakanha\cf9 ///\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf3 \'b0ayakanha
\b0 \cf9  
\i [\'b0aya](sa) [\cf3 kanha\cf9 ] 
\i0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb11 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0040 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,22; MASI \'97)\cf9 , fragment of a
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  (\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
up\uc0\u257 )///sik\u257 ya cu[\cf2 pa\cf12 n].///\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. cu\cf3 [pan].
\b0  
\i \cf12 cu[pana] 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0041 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,23; MASI \'97)\cf9 , fragment of a
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah[\uc0\u299 ]sekasa \'b0u[p]\u257 sakasa \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ?///\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah[\uc0\u299 ]sekasa
\b0  
\i [mat\uc0\u257 ]sakasa
\i0  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0042 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,24; MASI 60)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
khajan\uc0\u257 karasa mah[\cf3 \uc0\u299 ]s[e]kasa kupanasa\cf12  d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]\
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. mah[\cf3 \uc0\u299 ]s[e]kasa
\b0  
\i \cf12 mah[\cf3 \uc0\u299 ]sakasa 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf12 \

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0043 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,25\cf0 ; MASI 59)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
khajan\uc0\u257 karasa m\u257 hisekasa kupanasa d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0044 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,26; MASI 66 = 267)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ba\uc0\u7789 an\u257 y\u257 ya sudham\u257 ya saputik\u257 ya d\u257 na \cf2 [pa]n[\uc0\u257 sa]\cf12 \uc0\u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ba\uc0\u7789 an\u257 y\u257 ya
\b0  
\i ba\uc0\u7789 an\u257 yiya 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
saputik\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i saputak\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[pa]n\uc0\u257 [sa] 
\b0  The reading 
\i [pa]
\i0 , provisionally taken over from N&vH, is especially uncertain, for no vertical is visible to the right, explaining the reading <
\i \'b0u> 
\i0 in MASI 267.\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0045 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,27\cf0 ; MASI 65[a])\cf9 , fragment of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(nandy\uc0\u257 varta) dha\'f1aka\u7693 ik\u257 ya nagil\u257 [ya]/// \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0046 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,28\cf0 ; MASI 67)\cf9 , fragment of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\u257 ya \'b0utaraya///\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0047 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,29\cf0 ; MASI 228 = 270?)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 (nandy\uc0\u257 varta) dha\'f1aka\u7693 ik\u257 ya yakh[i]///\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
____\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(nandy\uc0\u257 varta)
\b0  om. N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
yakh[i]
\b0  
\i ya[kha] 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0048 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,30\cf0 ; MASI 214)\cf9 , fragment of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
Not identified as MASI 214 by N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  jogasa\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 sam\uc0\u257 tukasa sabhaginikasa sabh\u257 riy///(\u257 ya)\u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\

\b 1. jogasa
\b0  ///
\i khasa
\i0  N&vH. Cf. n.n.12.\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sabh\uc0\u257 riy///(\u257 ya)
\b0  om. \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0049 
\b0 \cf9 (MASI 265 + \cf0 N&vH \cf9 II.2,31 [=MASI 209]), 
\i \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 \
The fragment of the upper left part of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0  edited as MASI 265 fits nicely with the part that broke away from the piece bearing II.2,31. Fragment numbered II.2,31 by vH corresponds to MASI 209.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 m\uc0\u257 h[i]s\cf2 e\cf3 kasa\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \uc0\u9674  \'b0up\u257 sakasa\cf12  \cf2 [bal]a\cf12 sa saputakasa [d]\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. m\uc0\u257 h[i]s\cf3 ekasa\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \uc0\u9674  \'b0up\u257 sakasa
\b0  om. N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[bal]asa
\b0  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 + +\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 [l]asa\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0050 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,32\cf0 ; MASI \'97)\cf9 , fragment of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf9 ///\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sa[bh\uc0\u257 ]ri[ya]sa [d\u257 na]\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0051 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,33\cf0 ; MASI 64)\cf9 , fragment of a 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na\uc0\u7745 dikasa d\u257 na\u7745  (\u347 r\u299 vatsa)\u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0052 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,34\cf0 ; MASI 208)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
Not identified as MASI 208 in N&vH.\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gol\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. gol\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i gop\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0  N&vH. (A) Gol\uc0\u257  occurs again in KnI0044 and KnI0195. See KnI0192, l. 1: \'b0
\i ayagolasa
\i0 ; EIAD 30, l. 9: 
\i golasiriya
\i0 .\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  
\i\b0 d\uc0\u257 na
\i0  N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0053 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,35\cf0 ; MASI \'97)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf9  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhad\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na[\u7745 ]\u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0054 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,36 + II.2,39\cf0 ; MASI 218 + 221)\cf9 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \cf0 puphagahani 
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Previous editors edited the end of this record separately, as II.2,39. From inspection of the stone, it is clear that the two fragments match.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
himal\uc0\u257 ya \'b0asabh\u363 tino m\u257 t\u363 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. himal\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i himalaya
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. m\uc0\u257 t\u363 ya d\u257 na\u7745  
\i\b0 m[\uc0\u257 ]t[\u363 y].
\i0 /// N&vH. \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0055 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,37; MASI \'97)\cf0 , fragment of a 
\i puphagahani
\i0 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 khatiyasa ra\uc0\u7789 hisa d\u257 na[\u7745 ]\
_________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. ra\uc0\u7789 hisa d\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i \'b0i\uc0\u7789 hasa
\i0  N&vH, who note: \'93The initial 
\i i- 
\i0 is written like the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara ra 
\i0 with one dot at either side, which, in later scripts, would indicate a long 
\i \uc0\u299 -.
\i0 \'94 There are however no such dots visible on the stone, and nowhere else in the inscriptions of the site is the archaic <
\i \'b0i> 
\i0 described in this instance by the editors to be found. \

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ] 
\b0 //// N&vH, commenting: \'93The end of the inscription, most likely 
\i d\uc0\u257 na
\i0 , is rubbed off.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0056 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,40\cf0 ; MASI 200), fragment of a 
\i puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
Possibly identical with MASI 200.\cf9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1) 
\b0 (\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
d\uc0\u257 )///na\u7745 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0057 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,41\cf0 ; MASI 213), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cf. II.2,15-16.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (the)///[\cf3 r\uc0\u257 na\u7745  bha]yata\cf0 maha[rakh](i)///(t\uc0\u257 na)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 1. \cf0 (the)[\cf3 r\uc0\u257 na\u7745 ]
\b0  om. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b 1. [\cf3 bha]yata\cf0 maha[rakh](it\uc0\u257 na) 
\i\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[payahama] 
\i0 N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0058 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,42\cf0 ; MASI 213), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Not identified as MASI 213 by N&vH.\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ghariniya na\uc0\u7745 d\u257 ya sapu///(takasa)\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. ghariniya na\uc0\u7745 d\u257 ya 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 +\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 daya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sapu(takasa)
\b0  
\i sa + 
\i0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0059 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.2,43 + II.2,38\cf0 ; MASI 216), 
\i puphagahani
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Previous editors edited the end of this record separately, as II.2,38. From inspection of the stone, it is clear that the two fragments match. Both fragments correspond to MASI216.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
da\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  ? \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sa d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ] \cf2 (fleuron)\cf12 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. da\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  ? \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sa 
\i\b0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ///\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
da.[e] sa 
\i0 N&vH.\uc0\u8232 
\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na
\i0  N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0060 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,45; MASI \'97), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (puphaga)///[\cf3 ha\cf0 ]n(i) [d](\uc0\u257 )///(na)\cf9 \
_________\

\b \cf0 1. (puphaga)[\cf3 ha\cf0 ]n(i) [d](\uc0\u257 na)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 + + + + + \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0061 
\b0 (N&vH II.2,46; MASI \'97), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// ? pupha[pa]\uc0\u7789 o\
______\

\b 1. ? pupha[pa]\uc0\u7789 o
\b0  
\i [\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sabhaya] 
\i0 N&vH.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb5 KnI0062\cb1  
\b0 (N&vH II.2,47; MASI \'97), 
\i puphagahani
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf9 Documentation available (both photographs taken by N, VT, and RA) of this rubbed inscription is of inferior quality, so only a preliminary edition may be offered here. N&vH did not themselves venture te propose any reading.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\tx5332\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  se\uc0\u7789 h\cf3 ino\cf2  [m\uc0\u257 ]\cf3 tuya \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \'b0isila\u7751 [i]k\u257 ya \u9674  \cf12 se\uc0\u7693 ivay[i]k\u257 ya \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 d\uc0\u257 na(\u7745 )\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. \cf0 se\uc0\u7789 h\cf3 ino
\b0  The third 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  could also be read <
\i \uc0\u7751 a>.
\i0\fs28 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b\fs36 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. [m\uc0\u257 ]tuya
\b0  In this cursive hand, the first 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara 
\i0 is especially unclear\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, and but for the context its reading would be uncertain. On the sequence 
\i se\uc0\u7789 hino m\u257 tuya
\i0 , compare IBH, Sanc 111, 112.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \cf3 1. \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0isila\uc0\u7751 [i]k\u257 ya
\b0  Cf. KnI0084, ll. 1-2: 
\i \cf12 \'b0is[i]lanik\uc0\u257 ya
\i0 . See also \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 KnI0294\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. In both inscriptions, the donor is also characterised as 
\i se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya
\i0 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0063 
\b0 (N&vH II.3,1; MASI 32)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
kagisa sabhayasa saputakasa [sa](p)[u](ti)[kasa] [de]ya[dhama] [pa\uc0\u7789 ](o)\u8232 \cf0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. kagisa
\b0  
\i kag[\uc0\u299 ]sa 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[pa\uc0\u7789 ](o)
\b0  
\i pa\uc0\u7789 a
\i0  \cf0 N&vH.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0064 
\b0 (N&vH II.3,2; MASI 185)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf9 This may be identical to MASI 185. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 Text (VT&RA) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[p](o)\cf12 ku\uc0\u7693 urakasa mah[i]s[eka]sa vi[ma]la(sa d\u257 na\u7745 ) pa\u7789 o \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah[i]s[eka]sa vi[ma]la(sa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 )
\i\b0  mah[i]s(eka)sa va + + la(sa deyadhama) 
\i0 N&vH. A Vimala is attested in IBH, Sanc 225. There is only the space for three missing 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 s between the preserved <la> and the <pa>, so the reconstruction d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  seems preferable to 
\i deyadhama
\i0 .\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0065 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,3\cf0 ; MASI 56)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
s\uc0\u257 pu\u7693 iy\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 sirikasabodhiy\uc0\u257  saputig\u257 ya pa\u7789 o d\u257 na\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 d\uc0\u257 na
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ] 
\i0 N&vH. \uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0066 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,4\cf0 ; MASI 47)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  thera[sa] + + + + + \cf2 [j].\cf12 [ta]sa \'b0atev\uc0\u257 sikasa \'b0ayaju[n]. + + (sa)bhaginikasa pa\u7789 o d\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
thera[sa] + + + + + [j].[ta]sa
\b0  
\i ther. \'85 [ja]tisa 
\i0 N&vH. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. \'b0ayaju[n].
\b0  
\i \'b0ayaju 
\i0 N&vH. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0067 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,5\cf0 ; MASI 51)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The inscriptions is engraved above II.5,2, in smaller and more shallow letters.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  p[o]ku\uc0\u7693 urakasa yakhasa dhamaca(kad\u257 )na\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
p[o]ku\uc0\u7693 urakasa
\b0  
\i peku\uc0\u7751 irakasa 
\i0 N&vH. The editors note : \'93The name of the Yak\uc0\u7779 a, which is read erroneously P\u333 k\u333 t\u363 raka in MASI, does not seem to be known from other sources.\'94 Once the correct reading 
\i p[o]ku\uc0\u7693 urakasa
\i0  is established, it becomes clear that this is the same toponym known from KnI0064 (where it also occurs along with 
\i m\uc0\u257 hiseka
\i0 ), and that 
\i yakha 
\i0 must, contextually, be the proper name of the donor. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0068 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,6\cf0 ; MASI 54)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  c\uc0\u363 la .[ut]. m\u257 tuya + [d]. + + d[\u257 ]na\u7745  pa\u7789 o\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m\uc0\u257 tuya + [d]. + +
\b0  
\i m\uc0\u257 tuya
\i0  + + + + + N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0069 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,7\cf0 ; MASI 197)\cf9 , drum slab\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Although not noticed by N&vH, this likely corresponds to MASI 197. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  ///d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  pa\u7789 o\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0070 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.3,8\cf0 ; MASI 196)\cf9 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
Not recognised as MASI 196 by N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///\cf2 [d]\uc0\u257 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
matuy\uc0\u257  \'b0isis\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745  pa\u7789 o\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0isis\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i \'b0isa.(\uc0\u257 )ya
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0071 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,1; MASI 16)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\tx2713\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  [bho]gava[dha]n\cf3 a\cf12 kasa bodhigahapatino\uc0\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (pu)tasa\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0isimitasa p\uc0\u257 yako sa\u8232 
\b (3)
\b0  (s)uciko sa\'b0\uc0\u257 la\u7745 bano deyadhama\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 [bho]gavadhanakasa
\i\b0  (bh)[o]gavadhanikasa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2. (pu)tasa
\b0  
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(va)\uc0\u7751 (ika)sa
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 3. sa\'b0\uc0\u257 la\u7745 bano 
\i\b0 sa\'b0\uc0\u257 labano
\i0  N&vH. The editors doubt that this points to the coping, and they may well be correct. See also Nakanishi & von Hin\'fcber 2014: 16. Yet the word 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana 
\i0 occurs in KnI0231, which is of the very same type than the objects bearing KnI0085\'9691, which they edit under the heading 
\i u\uc0\u7779 \u7751 \u299 \u7779 a
\i0 . It is striking that the MIA 
\i unisa
\i0 , common for instance in the Amaravati corpus, or any other MIA form corresponding to Skt. 
\i u\uc0\u7779 \u7751 \u299 \u7779 a
\i0 , is absent from the Kanaganahalli corpus.\cf2  Check Konow, Arch. Surv. Ind. AR 1906-7, p. 95, no. 1, and pl. XXX, for an occurrence in S\uc0\u257 rn\u257 th.\cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0072 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,2; MASI 4)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0u\uc0\u7735 \u257 r\u257 na\u7745  \'b0\u257 yuvadhanika\u7745  culay\u257 na\u7745  \cf0 \

\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma p\u257 yako sasujiko
\b  
\b0 \'b0ima\uc0\u7745 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
______\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0u\uc0\u7735 \u257 r\u257 na\u7745  
\i\b0 \'b0u\uc0\u7693 \u257 [r\u257 na]
\i0  N&vH. The 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  ends in a fork that distinguishes the <
\i \uc0\u7735 a> 
\i0 from the <
\i \uc0\u7693 a>
\i0 , as in KnI0126: 
\i \cf13 ko\uc0\u7735 a\u7745 ba
\i0 .\cf12  See also, for instance, MASI, pl. II.A: 
\i ka\uc0\u7745 dam\u363 lapha\u7735 aniv\u257 ro
\i0 ; EIAD 200, l. 2. 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 vetaraku\uc0\u7735 o
\i0 .
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\i0 The orthography 
\i u\uc0\u7735 \u257 ra
\i0 , also attested in KnI0072 and KnI0127, while distinct from the A\uc0\u347 okan 
\i u\uc0\u7693 \u257 ra 
\i0 is identical to P\uc0\u257 li. See CPD, s.v.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. \'b0\uc0\u257 yuvadhanika\u7745 
\b0  
\i [\'b0\uc0\u257 ]yuvadhanika
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
culay\uc0\u257 na\u7745  
\i\b0 c[u]l(i)y\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH. If this corresponds to 
\i cullaka
\i0 , then it would form a pair with 
\i u\uc0\u7735 \u257 ra
\i0 , as in A\uc0\u347 oka\'92s MRE 1F 
\i khudak\uc0\u257  u\u7693 \u257 r\u257 
\i0 . This and the next record would thus be unusual, in that the name of the donor would not feature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 2. deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma
\b0  
\i deyadhama
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 2. sasujiko 
\i\b0 sasuciko
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2.  \'b0ima\uc0\u7745 
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\b0 [no]ma\uc0\u7745 ///
\i0  N&vH, who note: \'93Following only the photo the word 
\i (i)ma\uc0\u7745 
\i0  read in MASI can be excluded, cf. 
\i im\uc0\u257 n
\i0 , MASI p. 470, no. 155\'94. The reading \'b0
\i ima\uc0\u7745 
\i0  is in fact confirmed in KnI0220, l. 2.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0073 
\b0 (N&vH\cb5  \cf9 II.4,3\cf0 \cb1 ; MASI 4)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 Documented by neither VT nor RA. Reedited from the published picture. \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  \'b0u\uc0\u7735 \u257 r\u257 na\u7745  \'b0\u257 yuvadhanika\u7745  culay\u257 -\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  [na\uc0\u7745 ] deyadha\u7745 ma\u7745  p\u257 yako sasujiko\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0u\uc0\u7735 \u257 r\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i \'b0u\uc0\u7693 \u257 r\u257 na\u7745 
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b 1\'962. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
culay\uc0\u257 [na\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i cul[i]y\uc0\u257 [ya] 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0074 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,4; MASI 1)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Documented by neither VT nor RA.  Reedited from the only published picture (MASI 1, pl. CXXX.1), where the third line is only partly visible. \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  (na)vakam(i)kasa [h]imalaya(sa)\

\b (2)
\b0  (\'b0a)t(e)v[\uc0\u257 ]sis[a] \cf3 him\cf12 a\cf2 [d]i\cf12 nasa\cf0 \

\b \cf12 (3)
\b0  [d]e[yadhama]\
_______\

\b 1. [h]imalaya(sa)
\b0  
\i vimalaya(sasa) 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2. (\'b0a)t(e)v[\uc0\u257 ]sis[a]\cf2  \cf3 him\cf12 a\cf2 [d]i\cf12 nasa
\b0  
\i ga[tha]sisi[d]imavinasa
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0075 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,5; MASI 14)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pavayitasa/// \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0076 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,6; MASI 8)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  therasa \'b0aya\'b0isirakhitasa \'b0atev\uc0\u257 siniya \cf0 \

\b \cf12 (2)
\b0  bhikhuniya n\uc0\u257 guy\u257 ya deyadhama \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. \'b0isirakhitasa \'b0atev\uc0\u257 siniya
\i\b0  [\'b0i]sirakhitasa \'b0a(tev\uc0\u257 )siniya
\i0  N&vH. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0077 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,7; MASI 12)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 MASI 12, pl. CXXXI.2\cf0 \
\cf9 Not documented by VT in 02/2020. Reedited from the only published picture.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  himarakhit\uc0\u257 ya \'b0atev\u257 -\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  [s]iniy\uc0\u257  vidhiy\u257  d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0atev\uc0\u257 [s]iniy\u257 
\b0  
\i \'b0atev\uc0\u257 (s)iniy\u257  
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0078 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.4,8\cf0 ; MASI 9)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  (pa)vayitasa bh\uc0\u363 tilasa\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  [de]yadhama[\uc0\u7745 ]\u8232 \cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \cf12 [de]yadhama
\b0  
\i (de)yadhama[\uc0\u7745 ]
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0079 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,9; MASI 5)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  m\uc0\u257 hi[se]kasa to[\u7693 u]p\u257 sa-\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  kasa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m\uc0\u257 hi[se]kasa
\b0  : 
\i m[\uc0\u257 h]i[sa]kasa 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0080 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,10; MASI 6)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  ba\uc0\u7693 \u299 v\u257 rakasa ghosakayasa d\u257 na[\u7745 ] \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0081 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,11; MASI 7)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  mitanakasa d\uc0\u257 [na](\u7745 ) \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mitanakasa
\b0  
\i ///mit[\uc0\u257 ]nakasa 
\i0 N&vH. Since there is no break in the stone before <
\i mi>
\i0 , the name has to be understood as formed on Mitta (Skt. Mitra) plus the common -
\i \uc0\u7751 \u7751 aka
\i0  suffix.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. d\uc0\u257 [na](\u7745 )
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 [na\u7745 ] 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0082 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,12; MASI 11)\cf9 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  /// \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[t]\cf12 inayasa deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma\u7745  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[t]inayasa
\b0 \cf12  .
\i inayasa 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhama 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0083 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,13; MASI 3)
\b \cf9 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Photos RA\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  mah\uc0\u257 g\u257 milasa n\u257 ga\u7751 akasa\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  ko\uc0\u7693 ubiniya r\u257 ma\u7745 nik\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 mahag\uc0\u257 milasa
\b0  
\i mah\uc0\u257 g\u257 milasa 
\i0 N&vH.
\b \cf0 \
2. \cf12 k[u]\uc0\u7693 ubiniya
\b0  
\i ko\uc0\u7693 ubiniya 
\i0 N&vH. Cf. KnI0117, l. 4: 
\i \cf3 ku\uc0\u7693 u[\u7745 b]i[n](iya)
\i0 \cf12 .
\b \cf0 \
2. \cf12 r\uc0\u257 ma\u7745 nik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i r\uc0\u257 ma[\u7751 ]ik\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0084 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,14; MASI 13) \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Distinct inscription, yet identical text to n.n.39.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya \'b0is[i]-\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  lanik\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1-2.\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0is[i]lanik\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i \'b0is(i)lanik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0085 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,15; MASI 17)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhikhuniy\uc0\u257  pusay\u257 ya deyadha\u7745 ma\u7745  \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0086 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,16; MASI 22)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  \'b0amacasa budhi\uc0\u7745 \u7751 akasa d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 budhi\uc0\u7745 \u7751 akasa 
\i\b0 budhi\uc0\u7751 akasa
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0087 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,17; MASI 21)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  n\uc0\u257 giyan\u257 guta/// \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0088 
\b0 (N&vH \cf9 II.4,18\cf0 ; MASI 23)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  bh[\uc0\u363 ]ta\u7745 nik\u257 ya bhuyimabhag[i]niya deyadha\u7745 ma\u7745 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bh[\uc0\u363 ]ta\u7745 nik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i bh\uc0\u363 tanik\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhama 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0089 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,19; MASI 19)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  dhamutaray[\uc0\u257 ]ya d\u257 na\u7745  \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0090 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,20; MASI 20)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 ///[r]akhitanik\uc0\u257 ya duhutuya s\u257 ma\u7745 nik\u257 ya deyadhama\u7745 \
_______\

\b 1. ///[r]akhitanik\uc0\u257 ya 
\b0 Cf. KnI0222, ll. 1\'962: 
\i budharakhit\uc0\u257 nik\u257 ya
\i0 .
\b \
1. s\uc0\u257 ma\u7745 nik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i s[\uc0\u257 ]manik\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH.\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0091 
\b0 (N&vH II.4,21; MASI 18)\cf9 , 
\i \cf0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf9 MASI 18, \cf0 \
\cf9 Documented by neither VT nor RA. Reedited from the only published picture (pl. CXXXI.10).\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  ///.[\uc0\u257 ]ya deyadha\u7745 ma\u7745 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 +++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0092 
\b0 (N&vH ; MASI )
\b \cf9 II.4,23
\b0 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  \cf13 t[o]\uc0\u7693 akulasa kac\u363 k\u257  niy\u257 t[a]na \
__________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. niy\uc0\u257 t[a]na
\b0  
\i \cf3 ni[c\uc0\u257 ]t\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH. The mark above the  left arm of the <
\i ya>
\i0 , interpreted by the previous editors as a <
\i c\uc0\u257 >
\i0 , is probably just an accident of engraving, by a hand whose skills were limited. A similar unnecessary stroke may be seen to the left of the <
\i t[o]>
\i0 .
\i  
\i0 See DP, s.v. 
\i niyy\uc0\u257 tana
\i0 ; BHSD, s.v. 
\i niry\uc0\u257 tan\u257 
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0093 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,1; MASI 31), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  (\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mani)///[k\uc0\u257 ]rasa mah\u257 maritino ca to\cf2 \uc0\u7693 \cf13 ak\uc0\u257 \u7693 a ca d\u257 na cediya \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. (\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mani)///[k\uc0\u257 ]rasa
\b0  Reconstruction on the basis of the parallel in KnI0152, l. 1.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. \cf3 to\uc0\u7693 ak\u257 \u7693 a
\b0 \cf13  The first <
\i \uc0\u7693 a>
\i0  is more round than the second, and could perhaps be read <
\i \uc0\u7735 a>
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0094 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,2; MASI 52), drum slab\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Inscription located below KnI0067.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 (1)
\b0  m\uc0\u257 hisekasa s\u257 pu\u7693 iyasa + + si\cf2 ri\cf12 sa pa\uc0\u7789 o d\u257 na\u7745 \
_______\

\b 1. sirisa
\b0  
\i si\uc0\u7693 asa
\i0  N&vH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0095 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,3; MASI \'97), fragments of drum slab \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Two fragments. The right fragment was unknown to N&vH. It was identified by RA as being part of the same inscription. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 ///\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[ga]hapati\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [n]o vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 ///(gilasa)\
_______\

\b 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[ga]hapati\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [no] vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 ///(gilasa) 
\b0 [ga]hapati N&vH.
\b  
\b0 Reconstruction of the latter part on the basis of KnI0196. See also KnI0198, KnI0211, and n.n.5. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0096 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,4; MASI 144), umbrella shaft \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 sidha || namo bhagavato budhasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  bhikhusa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf13 budhikayasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf13 chata\uc0\u7745  deyadhama\u7745 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 (2)
\b0  sah\uc0\u257  m\u257 t\u257 pit\u363 hi\

\b (3)
\b0  sah\uc0\u257  ca bhaginihi gol\u257  ca bodhi\'b0a ca sava\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10218 lo\u10219 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
kahit\uc0\u257 ya\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
chata\uc0\u7745  deyadhama\u7745 
\b0  
\i chata deyadhama
\i0  N&vH.\

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 3. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sah\uc0\u257 
\b0  
\i saha
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 3. bhaginihi
\b0  
\i bhagin\uc0\u299 hi
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0097 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,5; MASI 145), fragment of umbrella shaft\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MASI, plate CXLI. 11 (p. 468, no. 145)\cf6 \
\cf7 RA assumes this also dates, like I.12 and MASI 255 + 254, from the reign of Ya\'f1\'f1a Siri-S\uc0\u257 taka\u7751 \u7751 i.\
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \'a0(sa)///vachara 10 gimh\cf3 [\uc0\u97 \u772 ]\cf0 na\

\b (2)
\b0 \'a0(deya)///dhama sah\uc0\u97 \u772  bhay\u97 \u772 ya\

\b (3)
\b0 \'a0chatadhayo\'a0m\uc0\u97 \u772 t\u97 \u772 pi-\

\b (4)
\b0 \'a0tuna hitasugh\uc0\u97 \u772 ya\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ___________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. (sa)vachara
\b0  
\i (sa)\cf0 vachare 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 3. chatadhayo
\b0  
\i chat[e]dhayo 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0098 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,6; MASI 146), umbrella shaft\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhi\cf13 mha\uc0\u7751 akasa duhu-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 (2)
\b0  tuya viranik\uc0\u257 ya\

\b (3)
\b0  deyadhama\uc0\u7745  chata\u7745 \
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 3. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
deyadhama\uc0\u7745  chata\u7745  
\i\b0 deyadhama chata 
\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0099 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,7; MASI 147), fragment of an octagonal pillar\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[na]mo bhaga[va]to \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  budha[sa]///\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b (2)
\b0  ///\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[to ca] tha[bho] be dama + .i/// \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b (3)
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 ///k\uc0\u257 rapita\u7745  \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  sa[\uc0\u7745 ]gha///\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b (4)
\b0  (sat)///[i\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ke]na mah\uc0\u257 sena[date]///(na)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\

\b 2.  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[to ca] tha[bho] be dama 
\i\b0 [toda]thuthibadama
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (sat)///[i\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ke]na mah\uc0\u257 sena[date]///(na)
\i\b0  [ke]na m[\uc0\u257 ]hisa[kasa] 
\i0 N&vH. My reconstruction is supported by \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 KnI0100\cf12  and by the fragment \cf0 KnI0292\cf12 , l. 2, reading 
\i satikena ma[h].
\i0 \cf0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0100 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,8; MASI 148), fragment of an octagonal pillar cut in half\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 + + + ? + + + + + + + + + + + ? + + + + + + + + + + + + + \

\b (2)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
satikena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  mah\uc0\u257 senadatena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  k(u)m\uc0\u257 radatena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  [b](\uc0\u257 )[l](i]k\u257 ya ca vira\u7745 nik(\u257 ya)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 (3)
\b0  saval[o]kahita[s](ugh\uc0\u257 ya) \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[b](\uc0\u257 )[l](i]k\u257 ya 
\i\b0 [bodhi]k\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 2. vira\uc0\u7745 nik(\u257 ya) 
\i\b0 v(i)ranik(\uc0\u257 ya)
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0101 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,9; MASI \'97), fragment of an octagonal pillar\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
See Tournier 2020\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah\uc0\u257 vinaseli[y]///(\u257 na)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_________\

\b 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah\uc0\u257 vinaseli[y]///(\u257 na) 
\i\b0 mah\uc0\u257 vinase[pa] .i 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0102 
\b0 (N&vH II.5,10; MASI 250), slab \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
///rakhita[sa] d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  tharo\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
rakhita[sa]
\b0  
\i + [rakhitasa] 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0103 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,1; MASI 91), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  [s](i)dha\uc0\u7745  \u9674  ther\u257 na bhayatabudhat\u257 t\u257 na\u7745  \'b0atav\u257 sisa [bha]yatasihasa deyadhama pa(yapa\u7789 o) 
\b (2)
\b0  mah\uc0\u257 ceti\'b0e \u9674  saha \'b0ac\u257 riya\'b0upajha\'b0ehi \u9674  saha \u9674  m\u257 t\u257 pitahi \u9674  saha va \'b0ate[v]\u257 
\b (3)
\b0 sikehi \uc0\u9674  lo[takh\u257 ]va ? + \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ________\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \'b0atav\uc0\u257 sisa 
\i\b0 \'b0a(te)[v\uc0\u257 sisa] 
\i0 N&vH. Understand 
\i atev\uc0\u257 sisa
\i0 .
\b \cf0 \
1. \cf12 [bha]yatasihasa
\i\b0  [bha]yata sihasa 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 2. m[a]h\uc0\u257 ceti\'b0e
\b0  The first 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  could be read <
\i m\uc0\u257 
\i0 >.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \'b0ac\uc0\u257 riya\'b0upajha\'b0ehi :
\b0  
\i \'b0\uc0\u257 [ca]riya\'b0upajh\u257 ehi 
\i0 N&vH. Understand -
\i upajh\uc0\u257 \'b0ehi
\i0 -, as in II.6,2.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 2. saha \uc0\u9674  : 
\i\b0 saha (ca) 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 3. lo ? d\uc0\u257 va ? + 
\i\b0 l[o] + [kh]\uc0\u257 va[h](\u257 ya) 
\i0 N&vH, tentatively suggesting to reconstruct 
\i lo\cf0 \uc0\u10216 ka\u10217 sukh\u257 vah\u257 ya
\i0 . In light of the close parallel in II.6,2, the ak\uc0\u7779 ara <
\i lo> 
\i0 may be considered a copying mistake for <
\i hi>
\i0 , in which case the reconstruction 
\i hi[ta]\uc0\u10216 su\u10217 [kh\u257 ]v\u10216 \u257 \u10217 (h\u257 ya)
\i0  may be suggested. The shapes of the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 s read here as <
\i [ta]> 
\i0 and <
\i [kh\uc0\u257 ]>
\i0  remain rather peculiar. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0104 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,2; MASI 88), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 ther\uc0\u257 na\u7745  bhayatabudhat\u257 t\u257 na\u7745  \u9674  \'b0atev\u257 sisa bhayatasihasa \u9674  deyadhama\u7745  payapa\u7789 o
\b  
\b0 mah\uc0\u257 ceti\'b0e \u9674  saha \u9674  [\'b0ac](\u257 )[r](i)
\b \cf0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 ya\'b0upajh[\uc0\u257 \'b0e](h)i  (sa)[ha] m\u257 t\u257 pit[\u363 hi] \u9674  saha va savehi \u9674  \'b0atev\u257 sikehi \u9674  savasat\u257 na \u9674  hitasugh\u257 v\u257 h\u257 ya ||||\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ________\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. bhayatabudhat\uc0\u257 t\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i bhayata budhat\uc0\u257 t\u257 na\u7745 
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. bhayatasihasa 
\i\b0 bhayata sihasa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1-2. [\'b0ac](\uc0\u257 )[r](i)ya\'b0upajh[\u257 \'b0e](h)i
\b0  
\i [\'b0ac](\uc0\u257 ri)ya\'b0upajh[\u257 ](\'b0eh)i 
\i0 N&vH. See II.6,1.\

\b 2. m\uc0\u257 t\u257 pit[\u363 hi] 
\i\b0 m\uc0\u257 t\u257 pit[u]hi
\i0\b  
\b0 N&vH. The last 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara 
\i0 is curiously shaped and has an additional leg to the left that makes it look rather like a <
\i si>. 
\i0 It is possible that the engraver started copying the next 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara <sa>
\i0 , before attempting to modify it to form a <
\i hi>
\i0 . \

\b 2. saha va
\b0  
\i saha ca 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 2. \'b0atev\uc0\u257 sikehi 
\i\b0 \'b0atev\uc0\u257 sinehi 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0105 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,3; MASI 238), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 the[r\uc0\u257 ](na) (bha)[ta]b(u)dha[t](\u257 t\u257 )[na] \'b0atevas[i]sa \u9674  \cf0 bhatasihakasapa\uc0\u7751 ad\u257 yakasa \cf12 deyadhama payapa\uc0\u7789 [o]\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ________\cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. (bha)[ta]b(u)dha[t](\uc0\u257 t\u257 )[na]
\i\b0  (bhata) b(u)dha(t\uc0\u257 t\u257 )[na] 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 1. \'b0atevas[i]sa 
\b0 The <
\i va> 
\i0 is peculiarly shaped and looks like a <
\i dha>
\i0 .
\i  
\i0 Understand 
\i atev\uc0\u257 sisa
\i0 .
\b \cf0 \
1. bhatasihakasapa\uc0\u7751 ad\u257 ya[ka]sa
\b0  
\i [bhata] s[i]hakasapa + d\uc0\u257 yakasa 
\i0 N&vH. Note that the reading of <
\i pa>
\i0  is not entirely secure, since it seems to have a curved left harm, when compared to the straighter 
\i pa
\i0 s in 
\i payapa\uc0\u7789 o
\i0 . Understand 
\i bhatasihasa kasapa\uc0\u7751 ad\u257 yakasa
\i0 . On the offering of 
\i k\uc0\u257 r\u7779 \u257 pa\u7751 a
\i0 s, see II.10. The problematic 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  could also be read <
\i la>
\i0 , and the same observation applies to II.6,4. If the tentative reading is accepted, the compound 
\i kasapa\uc0\u7751 ad\u257 yaka 
\i0 could be compared to the epithet 
\i\b hira\uc0\u7751 ako\u7789 i
\b0 gosatasahasahalasatasahasa
\b pad\uc0\u257 yi
\i0  
\b0 used to qualify king C\uc0\u257 ntam\u363 la in the Ik\u7779 v\u257 ku corpus. See, e.g. EIAD 5, ll. 4\'965. In light of this interpretation, it seems reasonable to consider that the donor of II.6,3\'964 is the same as that of II.6,1\'962. See also Tournier 2020: 889, n. 94. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0106 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,4; MASI 89), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ther\uc0\u257 na bhatabudhat\u257 t[\u257 ]na \u9674  (\'b0a)tev\u257 sasa \u9674  bhatas[i]ha\u9674 kasapana\u9674 deyakasa \u9674  deyadhama payapa\u7789 [o]\
____________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. (\'b0a)tevasasa 
\i\b0 (\'b0a)tev\uc0\u257 s(i)sa
\i0  N&vH. Understand 
\i atev\uc0\u257 sisa
\i0 . \

\b 1. bhatas[i]ha\cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 kasapanadeyakasa 
\i\b0 bhata s(i)hakasapasa d\uc0\u257 yakasa 
\i0 N&vH. One would expect -
\i d\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 , as in II.6,3, but there \cf0 does not seem to be any difference between this and the first 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  of 
\i deyadhama
\i0 . \

\b \cf12 1. payapa\uc0\u7789 [o] 
\i\b0 paya (pa\uc0\u7789 o) 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0107 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,5; MASI 90), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
vidhiya\cf13  ca samudiya ca payasagh\uc0\u257 do deyadha(ma) \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\

\b 1. vidhiya 
\b0 Cf. II.4,7, l. 2: 
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
vidhiy\uc0\u257 
\i0 .\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. samudiya ca payasagh\uc0\u257 do deyadha(ma) 
\i\b0 samudi
\i0 /// N&vH.\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0108 
\b0 (N&vH II.6,6; MASI 92=239), 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sidha || namo bha[ga]///(vato) \'85 /// deyadhama\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 (2)
\b0  /// ? y\uc0\u257 ya \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0109 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,1; MASI 80), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image
\i\b  
\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 bhagav\uc0\u257  budho vivasi \cf0 \uc0\u9674 
\b \cf12  
\b0 \'b0up\uc0\u257 sakena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 v\uc0\u257 g\u257 \u7693 hic\u257 na\u7745  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 vis\uc0\u257 ghena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 k\uc0\u257 rapito \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saputakena sela\uc0\u7693 haki[sa] \cf0 \

\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0\uc0\u257 sadevasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 panatukena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 samin\uc0\u257 gasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 n\uc0\u257 tukena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 m\uc0\u257 \u7693 hasa putena ray\u257 macena bodhigutena kato\u8232 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0110 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,2; MASI 81), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 bhagav\uc0\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 samasabudho \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 sighi
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 v\uc0\u257 g\u257 \u7693 hi\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10218 c\u257 \u10219 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 vis\uc0\u257 ghena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saputakena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 k\uc0\u257 rito selava\u7693 hakisa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 \uc0\u257 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 sa\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
devasa panatu\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 ke\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na \cf0 \

\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 saminagasa natukena m\uc0\u257 \u7693 hasa putena  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 n\uc0\u257 gabudhin\u257  kato\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. v\uc0\u257 g\u257 \u7693 hi\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10218 c\u257 \u10219 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na
\b0  
\i v\uc0\u257 g\u257 \u7693 hina
\i0  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH, who did not see that a <
\i c\uc0\u257 > 
\i0 was
\i  
\i0 inserted above the line.  \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0111 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,3; MASI 82), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhagav\uc0\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 budho vesabh\uc0\u363 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 v\uc0\u257 g\u257 \u7693 hicana\u7745  \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12  visaghena saputakena k\uc0\u257 rit\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 selava\uc0\u7693 hakisa \'b0\u257 sadevisa\u8232 
\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 panatukena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 samin\uc0\u257 gasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 n\uc0\u257 tukena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 m\uc0\u257 \u7693 hasa putena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 r\uc0\u257 y\u257 macena bodhigutena \u8232 
\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (3)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 kato\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0112 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,4; MASI 78), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sidha \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bhagav\uc0\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 samasabudho \cf3 kausadho
\b \cf12  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 up\uc0\u257 sakena v\u257 k\u257 \u7789 ic\u257 na \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 vis\uc0\u257 khena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saputakena k\uc0\u257 ripit[o]\u8232 \cf0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf3 kausadho
\b0 \cf12  
\i kosadho
\i0  N&vH. \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 See also Nakanishi and von Hin\'fcber 2014: 14: \'93[E]ven the name of the Buddha Kakosa(\uc0\u7745 )dho is miswritten as Kosadho.\'94 The reading 
\i kausadho
\i0  is certain, since the additional loop to the right of the vocalic marker 
\i -o
\i0  is clearly visible. This may be understood as an alternative way to render 
\i ka\'b0usadho
\i0 , corresponding to Buddhist Sanskrit 
\i krakutsanda
\i0 . See also the G\uc0\u257 ndhar\u299  name Kosudha, coexisting alongside Kosuda and Kravasudha in in the Library of Congress scroll of the 
\i *Bahubudhagasutra
\i0 . SeeTournier 2017: 200; Salomon 2018: 397\'9698, n. 374.\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0113 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,5; MASI 79), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sidha \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bhagav\uc0\u257  samasabudho \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 konagamuni
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 up\uc0\u257 sakena v\u257 k\u257 \u7693 hic\u257 na\u7745  visaghena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12  saputakena karit[o]\cf0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7693 hic\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7693 ic\u257 na 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0114 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,6; MASI 83), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sidha \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bhagava\uc0\u7745  samasa\u7745 \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 budho\{\{\uc0\u7747 \}\} \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 kasapa\uc0\u7745  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7789 ic\u257 na \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 vis\uc0\u257 kena saputakena k\u257 r[i]\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 to\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. bhagava\uc0\u7745  samasa\u7745 \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 budho
\b0  
\i bhagava samasabudho
\i0  N&vH. The vocalic marker <
\i o> 
\i0 in in the last syllable seems to have been added secondarily, under an 
\i anusv\uc0\u257 ra
\i0  sign. \cf0 \

\b \cf12 1. kasapa\uc0\u7745  
\i\b0 kasap\uc0\u257  
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 1. k\uc0\u257 r[i]\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 to\u10217 
\b0  
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
k\uc0\u257 r[i]\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (to)
\i0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0115 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,7; MASI 84), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 sidha \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 nam[o] bhagavato \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 sama\cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 sa\uc0\u7745 budho \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 sakamuni
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 sidhath[o] \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 (v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7789 ic\u257 na) vis\u257 ghanena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saputakena k\uc0\u257 rito\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  kanhilena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 kat\uc0\u257  pa\u7789 im\u257 \'b0o cat\u257 ri \cf2 ?\cf12 \uc0\u8232 \cf0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 sama\cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 sa\uc0\u7745 budho
\b0  
\i samasabudho
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. sidhath[o]
\b0  
\i sidhatha
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 2. pa\uc0\u7789 im\u257 \'b0o
\b0  
\i pa\uc0\u7789 im\u257 \'b0e 
\i0 N&vH. The inverted-s shape of the final 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  is characteristic of the <
\i \'b0o>.
\i0  The ending -
\i \uc0\u257 o
\i0  moreover makes better sense as a Nom. Pl. Fem. ending than -
\i \uc0\u257 e
\i0 .\

\b 2. cat\uc0\u257 ri ?
\b0  
\i cat\uc0\u257 ri 
\i0 N&vH. There seems to be a sign, consistent with a damaged <
\i ya> 
\i0 or a 
\i nandy\uc0\u257 varta
\i0  symbol
\i , 
\i0 after 
\i cat\uc0\u257 ri
\i0 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0116 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,8; MASI 85), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0  sidha \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bhagav\uc0\u257  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bodhisato \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 ayito
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 an\uc0\u257 gato \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 budho \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 \'b0up\uc0\u257 sakena v\u257 k\u257 \u7693 hic\u257 na\u8232 
\b (2) 
\b0 vis\uc0\u257 ghena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saputakena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 k\uc0\u257 rito \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 saval\cf0 o\cf12 kasa hitasugh\uc0\u257 ca\u8232 \cf0 ___________\

\b \cf12 1. v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7693 hic\u257 na
\b0  
\i v\uc0\u257 k\u257 \u7693 [h]ic\u257 na(\u7745 ) 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 2. hitasugh\uc0\u257 ca
\b0  Understand 
\i hitasugh\uc0\u257 ya.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0117 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,9; MASI 86), 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  sidha \'97 namo bhegavato budhasa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 s\uc0\u257 kamu\u7751 isa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 pa\uc0\u7693 im[\u257 ] \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12  th\uc0\u257 vit\u257  muth[i]kum\u257 ra[sa] \

\b (2) 
\b0 bh\uc0\u257 j\u257 ya \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 radh\uc0\u257 ya \cf0 \

\b \cf12 (3) 
\b0 sunh\uc0\u257 ya \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf2 [\'b0i]\cf12 \uc0\u7745 dagopiya\

\b (4) 
\b0 \cf2 [du]\cf12 hasenakum\uc0\u257 rasa ku\u7693 u[\u7745 b]i[n](iya)\

\b (5) 
\b0 k\uc0\u257 r(i)[t](\u257 ) [saval](o)[ka]\cf0 \uc0\u9674 hitasu[gh\u257 ]ya\cf12 \
_______\

\b 1. sidha \'97
\b0  The punctuation sign is composed of a wavy horizontal stroke under a dot. It is similar, for instance, to that following 
\i sidha\uc0\u7745 
\i0  in EIAD 20, l. 1.\uc0\u8232 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhegavato 
\i\b0 bhagavato 
\i0 N&vH. Understand 
\i bhagavato.\

\i0\b 1. s\uc0\u257 kamu\u7751 isa
\b0  
\i sakamu\uc0\u7751 isa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. th\uc0\u257 vit\u257  muth[i]kum\u257 ra[sa]
\b0  
\i mathakum\uc0\u257 r[asa] 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 3. [\'b0i]\uc0\u7745 dagopiya
\i\b0  
\i0 N&vH comment: \'93The name of the daughter-in-law Indragop\uc0\u299  can be classified as a name of an animal used as a personal name.\'94 On other feminine names in -
\i gop\uc0\u299 
\i0 , see for instance EIAD 647: 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 n\uc0\u257 gagopinik\u257 ya. 
\i0 See EIAD 670, l. 3: \'85 
\i \'b0id\uc0\u257 ya \cf3 n\uc0\u257 ganik[\u257 ]ya gopiya
\i0 \cf0 . \cf2 An alternative reading is <
\i kha
\i0 >.\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b 4. ku\uc0\u7693 u[\u7745 b]i[n](iya)
\i\b0  ku[\uc0\u7693 ha]
\i0 ///  N&vH. Cf. II.4,13, l. 1-2: 
\i n\uc0\u257 ga\u7751 akasa ko\u7693 ubiniya.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 5. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
k\uc0\u257 r(i)[t](\u257 ) [saval](o)[ka]\cf0 \uc0\u9674 hitasu[gh\u257 ]ya
\b0  
\i \cf12 ka\'f1\uc0\u257 (ya) + + + [hatas\u257 ya] 
\i0 N&vH. Cf. I.10, l. 2: 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 savalokahi(ta)[s]ugh\uc0\u97 \u772 ya
\i0 . \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0118 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,10; MASI 87), pedestal of a 
\i buddha 
\i0 image\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Only the side of the pedestal corresponding to part B (= N&vH 1a-b) was documented by VT in 02/2020. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 A
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  d\uc0\u257 ragh\u257 \u7693 [hi]kehi bhagavato\u8232 
\b (2)
\b0  budhasa pa\uc0\u7693 im\u257  karit[\u257 ]
\b \
B\
(1)
\b0  (\'b0a)///[s](a)bh\uc0\u363 tina \'b0upajh\u257 y\u257 na
\b  
\b0 natukena ve\uc0\u7751 h[u]na \'b0upajh\u257 y\u257 na \

\b (2)
\b0  putena n\uc0\u257 dike\u7751 a \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12  kato \
_____\

\b B.1. (\'b0a)[s](a)bh\uc0\u363 tina
\b0  
\i [sabh\uc0\u363 ]tina 
\i0 N&vH. Cf. II.2,36: 
\i \'b0asabh\uc0\u363 tino.\

\i0\b B.1. \'b0upajh\uc0\u257 y\u257 na
\b0  \'b0
\i upajh\uc0\u257 yena
\i0  N&vH. As pointed out by the previous editors, 
\i upajh\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 means here a master craftsman, as in EIAD 322, l. 1. The fact that both strings 
\i -bh\uc0\u363 tina upajh\u257 y\u257 na
\i0  and 
\i ve\uc0\u7751 h[u]na upajh\u257 y\u257 na 
\i0 are in the Gen. Pl. is a clear use of 
\i pluralis maiestatis
\i0 , and may point to N\uc0\u257 dika\'92s ancestors to be departed. \

\b B.1. ve\uc0\u7751 h[u]na
\b0  
\i ve[nena] 
\i0 N&vH. Cf. EIAD 49, l. 2: 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ve\uc0\u7751 husiri[\u7751 o].
\i0  
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\i0\b B.1. \'b0upajh\uc0\u257 y\u257 na
\b0  
\i \'b0upajh[\uc0\u257 y](e)na 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0119 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,11; MASI 93), 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  (bo)dhi\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sato somarato\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0120 
\b0 (N&vH II.7,12; MASI 245), 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bodhisato kusar\uc0\u257 y\u257 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0121 
\b0 (N&vH II.8,1; MASI 133), 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 gar\u257 y\u257  pa\u7693 urako \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 _____\

\b 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pa\uc0\u7693 urako
\b0  
\i pa\uc0\u7693 arako 
\i0 N&vH.\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0122 
\b0 (N&vH II.8,2; MASI 96), 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Engraved to the right of I.4.\
\

\b (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 gar\u257 y\u257  sakhav\u257 [lo]\u8232 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0123 
\b0 (N&vH II.8,3; MASI 43)\cf3 , fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 kar\u257 ya mah\u257 k\u257 lo\u8232 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0124 
\b0 (N&vH II.8,4; MASI 119)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
hemavat\uc0\u257  yakh\u257  n\u257 g\u257  \cf2 pi\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0125 
\b0 (N&vH II.8,5; MASI 41)\cf3 , fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
///kh[o] s\uc0\u257 d\u257 giro\u8232 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0126 
\b0 (N&vH II.9,1; MASI 149)\cf3 , bowl
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  ///\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
? deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma ko\u7735 a\u7745 ba dh\u257  ?///\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
____\

\b 1. ? 
\i\b0 [sa]
\i0  N&vH. The 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  could well be a <
\i ya>
\i0 .\

\b 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma 
\i\b0 deyedhama
\i0  \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\

\b 1. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dh\uc0\u257  ?///
\b0  
\i dh\uc0\u257 
\i0  \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0127 
\b0 (N&vH II.10,1; MASI 2)\cf3 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a\uc0\u7789 h\u257 sata k\u257 hapa\u7751 ani dinani [m](a)-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 (2)
\b0  diya sa\'b0u\uc0\u7735 ar\u257 na \'b0ayuvadhanika\u8232 
\b \cf3 (3)
\b0  \cf13 g\uc0\u257 yanasa dhamilayasa deyadham\u257 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2. \cf13 sa\'b0u\uc0\u7735 ar\u257 na
\i\b0  sa\'b0u\uc0\u7693 ar\u257 na 
\i0 \cf3 N&vH. The third 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  is identical to that also read <
\i \uc0\u7735 a> 
\i0 by the previous editors in II.1,1, l. 2, as it is from the <
\i \uc0\u7735 a> 
\i0 element
\i  
\i0 in \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Pul\uc0\u803 um\u97 \u772 vi.\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 See also II.4,2, l. 1.\

\b 2. \'b0ayuvadhanika
\b0  \'b0
\i ayavadhanika
\i0  N&vH.\cf14 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb15 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0128 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,1; MASI 115),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  senakiya\u7745  \'b0upari\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 ______\

\b \cf12 1. upari\uc0\u7745 
\b0  
\i upari
\i0  N&vH. See BHSD, s.v. 
\i uparim
\i0 .\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0129 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,2; MASI 114),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
taka[\uc0\u7745 ] \'b0aridamiya\
______\

\b 1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
taka[\uc0\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i j\uc0\u257 taka 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0130 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,3; MASI 108),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0   j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  sadiniya\u7745 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0131 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,4; MASI \'97),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  sadiniya\u7745 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0132 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,5; MASI 116),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka vel\u257 miya
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0133 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,6; MASI 103),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  chada\u7745 tiya\u7745 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf0 ______ \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 chada\uc0\u7745 tiya\u7745 
\b0  
\i chadatiya[\uc0\u7745 ] 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0134 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,7; MASI 104),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  chadatiya
\b  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ______ \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 chada[\uc0\u7745 ]tiya\u7745 
\b0  
\i chadatiya 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0135 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,8; MASI 105),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  chada\u7745 tiya\u7745 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0136 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,9; MASI 106),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  dagarakhas(i)ya\u7745 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf3 __________\

\b 1. j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745 
\b0  
\i j\uc0\u257 taka
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. dagarakhas(i)ya\uc0\u7745  
\i\b0 da[ga]rakhas(iya) 
\i0 N&vH.
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0137 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,10; MASI 110),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  sudasomiya\u7745 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0138 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,11; MASI 243),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  sudasomiya\u7745 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0139 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,12; MASI 109),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  vidurapu\u7751 akiya\u7745 
\b  
\b0 to\uc0\u7693 agahapatino deyadha[\u7745 ]ma sava\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. deyadha[\uc0\u7745 ]ma
\b0  
\i deyadhama 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0140 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,13; MASI 107),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1)
\b0  j\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  vidurapu\u7751 akiya\u7745 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0141 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,14; MASI 111),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka\uc0\u7745  vesatariya\u7745 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka\uc0\u7745  vesatariya\u7745 
\b0  
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka vesatariya
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0142 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,15; MASI 117),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
(1) 
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka\uc0\u7745  vesatar[i]ya[\u7745 ]
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j\uc0\u257 ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka\uc0\u7745  vesatar[i]ya[\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 j[\uc0\u257 ]ta\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka vesatar[i]ya
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0143 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,16; MASI 113),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 sukaj\uc0\u257 taka\u7745  \
_____\

\b 1. sukaj\uc0\u257 taka\u7745 
\b0  
\i sukaj\uc0\u257 taka
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0144 
\b0 (N&vH III.1,17; MASI 112),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 ha[\uc0\u7745 ]saj\u257 taka\u7745 
\b  \'b0
\b0 upari \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ha[\uc0\u7745 ]saj\u257 taka\u7745 
\b0  
\i hasaj\uc0\u257 taka
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb5 KnI0145\cb1  
\b0 (N&vH III.1,18 / MASI 242 + MASI 246),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 The second fragment, (MASI 246) was unknown to N&vH.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) 
\b0 kum\uc0\u257 r(o) \cf0 [\'b0a]///(yira)///[n]a\uc0\u7745 do\cf12 \
_________\

\b \cf3 [\'b0a](yira)[n]a\uc0\u7745 do
\b0  [\'b0a] \'85 N&vH. According to the photo-montage prepared by RA, there is enough space for two ak\uc0\u7779 aras after the damaged <\'b0a>. MIA 
\i \'b0ayira
\i0  is common in the inscriptions of \uc0\u256 ndhra, although it is not otherwise attested at Kanaganahalli, where 
\i aya 
\i0 is more common. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0146 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,1; MASI 70),
\i  \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  frieze\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pava(y)[i](ta)[sa] \cf0 \uc0\u9674 
\b \cf12  
\b0 kanhasirisa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 bhaginiya \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 n\uc0\u257 \u7751 ak\u257 ya \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 deyadhama\
________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 pava(y)[i](ta)[sa] : 
\i\b0 pava(jita)[sa]
\b  
\i0\b0 N&vH. The proposed restoration is better supported by the orthography of the term at the site. See II.4,8, l. 1: 
\i (pa)vayitasa
\i0 . It is also phonologically closer to
\i  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 pava\'b0itasa 
\i0 (then misread by N&vH)
\i  
\i0 adopted, to characterise the same monk, in I.13.  \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0147 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,2; MASI 69),
\i  \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0  frieze\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(sidha) \cf2 [bo]\cf12 \uc0\u7693 [h]ik[\u257 ]vih\u257 rak\u257 [\u7751 ]a \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 ther\uc0\u257 na bhayatahagh\u257 na \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \'b0\cf12 atev\uc0\u257 [sisa] \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 kanhasirisa \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 salohit\uc0\u257 \'b0e ca [sa]\cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 b(u)dhaj\uc0\u257 ya [de]yadha[\u7745 ]ma \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 \'b0ama[p]i(t\uc0\u363 hi ca sava)[sa]t\u257 (na ca \cf0 \uc0\u9674  h\cf12 )[i]\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (tasughatha)\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
__________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 (sidha)
\b0  
\i (siddha)
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \

\b \cf12  \cf3 [bo]\uc0\u7693 [\cf12 h]ik[\uc0\u257 ]vih\u257 rak\u257 [\u7751 ]a 
\i\b0 [ba]\uc0\u7693 [h]i[la]vih\u257 [ra]k\u257 na
\i0  N&vH, who comment: \'93The name of the monastery is not entirely clear. A reading ba\uc0\u7693 (h)ayivih\u257 ra cannot be ruled out; 
\i ba\uc0\u7693 ha
\i0 -\'b0 is more likely than 
\i ba\uc0\u7693 a
\i0 -\'b0. This is the only name of a monastery identifiable in the inscriptions from Kanaganahalli. The \'93
\i bodhikavih\uc0\u257 ra
\i0 \'94 (MASI, p. 324b) does not exist.\'94\

\b ther\uc0\u257 na 
\i\b0 ther\uc0\u257 [\u7751 ]a 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bhayatahagh\uc0\u257 na 
\i\b0 bhayata hagh\uc0\u257 na
\i0  N&vH.\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \'b0\cf12 atev\uc0\u257 [sisa] 
\i\b0 \'b0atev\uc0\u257 (si)[sa]
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 [de]yadha[\uc0\u7745 ]ma 
\i\b0 [de]yadhama
\i0  N&vH.\

\b \cf3 \'b0am[\uc0\u257 p]i(t\u363 hi \u9674 ) 
\i\b0 \'b0am[\uc0\u257 p]i \'85 
\i0  N&vH.\cf12  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(sava)[sa]t\uc0\u257 (na ca \cf0 h\cf12 )[i]\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (tasughatha)
\b0  
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'85 t\uc0\u257 [na]
\i0 ///\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  N&vH. This tentative reconstruction, based on the parallel in I.8\'97with which this inscription also shares the rare compound \'b0
\i am\uc0\u257 pit\u363 hi
\i0 \'97is consistent with the number of missing 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 s.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0148 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,3; MASI 120),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhakavato j[\uc0\u257 ](t)i \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. j[\uc0\u257 ](t)i
\b0  
\i j[\uc0\u257 ](ti) 
\i0 N&vH.   \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0149 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,4; MASI 121),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
s\uc0\u257 kiyava[\u7693 ha]na\u7745  ce\cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf12 \{ra\}tiya\uc0\u7745  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0150 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,5; MASI 123),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
abhinikhamana[\uc0\u7745 ]\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. abhinikhamana[\uc0\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i abhinikhama
\i0  N&vH.  \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0151 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,6; MASI 124),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0   \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cu\uc0\u7693 \u257 harana[\u7745 ] \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0152 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,7; MASI \'97),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
c\uc0\u363 \u7693 \u257 ha[ra](na)\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 c\uc0\u363 \u7693 \u257 ha[ra](na) 
\i\b0 cu\uc0\u7693 \u257 ha[r](ana) 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0153 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,8; MASI 27)
\b \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
go\uc0\u7735 amul\u257 y\u257 na dhamay\u257 ya d\u257 (na)\cf0 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 go\uc0\u7735 amul\u257 y\u257 na
\b0  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cf. EIAD 112: 
\i k[\uc0\u257 ]nam\u363 \u7735 ay\u257 na 
\i0 \'85  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0154 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,9; MASI 141),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Two small fragments of the inscription were not documented by VT in 2020, but one of them was by RA. These are found in Zin 2018: fig. 21. Zin also reedited the record, p. 46 of her monograph.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  suj\uc0\u257 t\u257  g\u257 mik\u257 duhu(t\u257 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 k\uc0\u257 )\cf2 [\uc0\u7735 ]\cf12 o ca n\uc0\u257 gar\u257 ya \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. suj\uc0\u257 t\u257  g\u257 mik\u257 duhu(t\u257 )
\b0  
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
suj(\uc0\u257 t\u257  sen\u257 pa)[ti]kaduhu(t\u257 ) 
\i0 N&vH; 
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 suj\uc0\u257 t\u257  gamik\u257 duhu(t\u257 ) 
\i0 Zin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. (k\uc0\u257 )[\u7735 ]o
\b0  Zin; 
\i (mah\uc0\u257 k\u257 )[\u7735 ]o 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0155 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,10; MASI 125),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m\uc0\u257 rabhago\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0156 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,11; MASI 244),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 gar\u257 y\u257  mujulido \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0157 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,12; MASI 118),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
idas\uc0\u257 laguh\u257 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0158 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,13; MASI 142),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
satipa\uc0\u7751 aguh\u257 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. satipa\uc0\u7751 aguh\u257 
\b0  On the interpretation of this form, which N&vH erroneously interpreted as incorrect for 
\i satapa\uc0\u7751 aguh\u257 
\i0 , see Tournier 2017: 297\'96298, n. 157.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0159 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,14; MASI 126),
\i  ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dev[o]har[o]\uc0\u7751 a\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dev[o]har[o]\uc0\u7751 a 
\b0 According to N&vH, understand 
\i devoroha\uc0\u7751 a.
\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0160 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,15; MASI \'97)\cb5 , fragment of a 
\i \cb1 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257  
\i0 or drum slab plinth\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Documented by neither RA or VT. Reedited from the only published picture (N\'a04206).\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 bhagavat\uc0\u257  \'b0idha \'b0u///(y\u257 )-\u8232 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n[e] pa\uc0\u7693 ichita jet[a]///(vana)\
________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 2. pa\uc0\u7693 ichita 
\i\b0 pa\uc0\u7693 ichit\u257 
\i0  N&vH, noting \'93the referent of the feminine 
\i pa\uc0\u7693 ichit\u257  
\i0 is not clear.\'94 I however don\'92t see a reason read <t\uc0\u257 >.\

\b 2. jet[a](vana)
\i\b0  jet[\uc0\u257 ] 
\i0 N&vH.\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0161 
\b0 (N&vH \cb5 III.2,16\cb1 ; MASI \'97)\cb5 , fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Documented by neither RA or VT. Reedited from the only published picture (N\'a04208).\cf0  Probably belongs to the same slab as III.2,25\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0ayasa mah\uc0\u257 mogal\u257 nasa vih\u257 ro\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
KnI0162 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,17; MASI 183?),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 ///dhama + + + [\'b0ate]v\uc0\u257 siniy\u257  bhikhuniy\u257  [c].///\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. [c].
\i\b0  [c](a) 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0163 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,18; MASI 37),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \'b0\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayasa \'b0\uc0\u257 nadasa\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0164 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,19; MASI 35),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17. A similar inscription, bearing the reading 
\i bhagavato vih\uc0\u257 ro kosabhaku\u7789 i
\i0  is recorded as MASI 178, which possibly belonged to the other depiction of the Jetavana (see III.2,25). \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 kosabaku\uc0\u7789 i\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0165 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,20; MASI 34),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 cakamo\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0166 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,21; MASI 36),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
utup\uc0\u257 no\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0167 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,22; MASI 40),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\

\b \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0ayasa r\uc0\u257 hula-\u8232 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
  sa\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0168 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,23; MASI 38),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 bhagavato\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0169 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,24; MASI 39),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,17.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 yakhi piyekaram\uc0\u257 t\u257 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0170 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,25; MASI 26),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
piya\uc0\u7745 ka\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ra\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m\uc0\u257 tu bhavana \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. piya\uc0\u7745 ka\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ra\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m\uc0\u257 tu
\i  
\b0 piyeka\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10216 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ra\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10217 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m(\uc0\u257 )tu 
\i0 N&vH. This orthography disagrees with that of III.2,23, and corresponds closely (once the missing <
\i ra>
\i0  is restored) to that of the P\uc0\u257 li tradition. See SN I.209.11\'9629.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0171 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,26; MASI 25),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same \cb5 drum \cb1 slab as III.2,25.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0ayasa s\uc0\u257 riputasa vih\u257 ro\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0172 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,27; MASI 24),
\b  
\b0 \cb5 drum slab\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'b0ayasa \uc0\u257 nadasa vih\u257 ro\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0173 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,28; MASI 134),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0\b \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
su\cf2 d\cf12 aras\uc0\u257 kiy\u257 ni 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KnI0174 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,29; MASI 122),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sariravibhago \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0175 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,30; MASI 129),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sariravibhago \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0176 
\b0 (N&vH III.2,31; MASI 132),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
r\uc0\u257 mag\u257 milo \'b0a\u7789 habh\u257 ga thu[v]o upari\u7745  \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. upari\uc0\u7745 
\b0  
\i upari
\i0  N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0177 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,1; MASI 98),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
r\uc0\u257 y\u257  cakava\u7789 i sataradano \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0178 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,2; MASI 139),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayo majhimo sacanamo \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayo ca dudubhisaro \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayo
\b0  
\i \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
aya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayo ca
\b0  
\i \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
aya ca 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0179 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,3; MASI 128),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayasa kasapagotasa sivikapay\uc0\u257 na\u7745  \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0180 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,4; MASI 241),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
r\uc0\u257 y\u257  mah\u257 govido\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0181 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,5; MASI 100),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
r\uc0\u257 y\u257  \'b0uyene\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0182 
\b0 (N&vH III.3,6; MASI 140),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
devi s\uc0\u257 mivati\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0183 
\b0 (N&vH IV.1; MASI 137),
\b  
\i\b0 \cb5 ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ayo ce[dana]vaniyo \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf13 mu\uc0\u7693 akase\u7789 hikum\u257 r\u257  ca\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. mu\uc0\u7693 akase\u7789 hikum\u257 r\u257 
\b0  
\i mu\uc0\u7693 akasa\u7789 hikum\u257 r\u257  
\i0 N&vH. This name is echoed in the 
\i D\uc0\u299 pava\u7745 sa 
\i0 8:10, as M\uc0\u363 lakadeva. Note also that M\u363 \u7693 aka (or perhaps rather M\u363 \u7735 aka) as a place name is referred to in EBIS A.1, l. 1. Sarma & Rao (1993: 67\'9668) situate this toponym in Western Maharashtra. \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0184 
\b0 (N&vH IV.3; MASI 130)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf3 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
upay\uc0\u257 na \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0185 
\b0 (N&vH IV.4; MASI 131)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
da\uc0\u7735 hagharo \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0186 
\b0 (N&vH IV.5; MASI 127)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
khalatiko pavato \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0187 
\b0 (N&vH IV.6; MASI 135)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf3  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
lakhako meyakath\uc0\u257 lik\u257 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0188 
\b0 (N&vH IV.7; MASI 136)\cf3 , 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) \'b0
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
isaradahiko ghuma\uc0\u7693 haputo///\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0189 
\b0 (N&vH IV.8; MASI 53), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dha\uc0\u7745 \'f1aka\u7693 ik\u257 ya pavayit\u257 ya \'b0ayamit\u257 ya duh\u363 tuya ca s[e]/// \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. duh\uc0\u363 tuya
\b0  
\i duhutuya
\i0  N&vH. Understand 
\i duhutuya
\i0 .\cf3 \

\b \cf13 1. ca s[e] 
\i\b0 ca sa
\i0  N&vH. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb5 KnI0190\cb1  
\b0 (n.n.16 + N&vH IV.10 / MASI 180), drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Eastern \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 The suggestion to unite both fragments of the inscribed band running above two reliefs is due to R. Arlt. This is supported by the texts in MASI 175 and 182. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 g[a]hapatino bodhig\uc0\u363 ta\'b0up\u257 sakasa putasa bo///(dhi)///\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
yasanakasa (d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  savo \'b0\u257 )[y]\u257 ko\
_______ \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf13 1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 g[a]hapatino bodhig\uc0\u363 ta\'b0up\u257 sakasa putasa 
\b0 om. \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bo(dhi)\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
yasanakasa 
\i\b0 yasanak[i]sa 
\i0 N&vH.\

\b 1. (d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  savo \'b0\u257 )[y]\u257 ko 
\i\b0 [y\uc0\u257 ]ko 
\i0 N&vH. Compare KnI0019, ending in 
\i \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [sa]vo \uc0\u257 y\u257 ko
\i0 , and KnI0235, given by the same donor at the same eastern 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka
\i0 , and which we propose to reconstruct 
\i \cf3 d\uc0\u257 na(\u7747 ) [sa](vo \'b0\u257 y\u257 ko)
\i0 . There no other donors in inscriptions involved in the dedication of inscribed inscribed slabs at this 
\i \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka.
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0191 
\b0 (N&vH IV.11; MASI 247), fragment of a 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///.\uc0\u257 yano \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 m\uc0\u257 y\u257  [ca]\
______\

\b 1. .\uc0\u257 yano
\b0  +
\i  yano
\i0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0192 
\b0 (N&vH V.1,1; MASI 57), fragment of a drum slab(?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 s\uc0\u363 tatikasa
\b  
\b0 \'b0ayagolasa \'b0atev\uc0\u257 sisa samasa\u8232 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 d\uc0\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 ________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 s\uc0\u363 tatikasa 
\i\b0 sutatikasa 
\i0 \cf13 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
samasa 
\i\b0 sa[ma]
\i0 /// \cf13 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0193 
\b0 (N&vH V.1,2; MASI 50), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
s[a]manasa
\b  
\b0 yakhasa d\uc0\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0194 
\b0 (N&vH V.1,3; MASI 42), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  (\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nandy\uc0\u257 varta) navakamikasa
\b  
\b0 \'b0ayamalasa m\uc0\u257 tuy\u257  \'b0ayahad\u257 ya kam\u257 ya ca d\u257 na\u7745  (svastika)\cf0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. \'b0ayamalasa 
\b0 \'b0
\i aya malasa
\i0  N&vH. The reading 
\i [ma]lasa 
\i0 occurs in MASI 160, but at present this reading cannot be checked.\cf0 \

\b \cf12 1. \'b0ayahad\uc0\u257 ya 
\b0 \'b0
\i aya had\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0195 
\b0 (N&vH V.1,4; MASI 181), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhikhuniya
\b  
\b0 budha[ra]khit\uc0\u257 ya kanh\u257 ya ca d\u257 na gol\u257 ya ca\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. gol\uc0\u257 ya ca
\b0  As already remarked by N&vH, this is written by a second hand and represents an addition. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0196 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,1; MASI \'97), drum slab
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gahapatino vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 gilasa putasa gahapatino \'b0up\u257 sa[kasa]
\b  
\b0 [b](o)[dh](ig)[\uc0\u363 ]tasa///\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _____\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 gilasa
\b0  
\i vinigan\uc0\u257 gilasa 
\i0 N&vH. The reading of the  second 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  by the previous editors seems influenced by the fact that the 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara 
\i0 rests on a horizontal stroke. That this is a <
\i \uc0\u7693 a>
\i0  is confirmed by its unambiguous tracing in n.n.46. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[b](o)[dh](ig)[\uc0\u363 ]tasa
\b0  
\i paya + tasa 
\i0 N&vH. This reading is supported by the closely parallel text of V.2,4+V.2,3.
\i \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  
\i0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0197 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,2; MASI 48), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)\
(1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(ga)///hapatino up\uc0\u257 sakasa
\b  
\b0 [b](o)[dh](i)///(g\uc0\u363 tasa)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 [b](o)[dh](i)///(g\uc0\u363 tasa) 
\b0 paya N&vH. Since KnI 190 and 235 are given by Bodhiyasa\uc0\u7751 \u7751 aka, who stipulates there that he gave the \'93whole \u257 y\u257 ka\'94, it is possible that he was also the donor of this slab, and that one should reconstruct accordingly, 
\i (\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 putasa bodhi\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
yasanakasa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 )
\i0 \'85\cf12 \uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0198 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,4 / MASI \'97 +V.2,3 / MASI 45), drum slab\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The reunion of both elements is due to Robert Arlt. The fragment bearing V.2,4 fits perfectly in the top right corner of the slab bearing N&vH\'92s V.2,3. The text is closely related to V.2,1, in part misread by N&vH, which further supports this juncture. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gahapatino \cf3 vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 gilaputasa\cf12  [\'b0u]p\uc0\u257 sakasa bodhig\u363 tasa d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 _______\

\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
vi\uc0\u7693 agan\u257 gila-
\b0  
\i vinigan\uc0\u257 gila- 
\i0 N&vH. See V.2,1.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0199 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,5; MASI 77), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tis\uc0\u257 ya \'b0up\u257 sik\u257 ya d\u257 na[\u7745 ]\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0200 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,6; MASI 229), slab
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sam\uc0\u257 ya \'b0upasik\u257 ya
\b  
\b0 d\uc0\u257 na(\u7745 ) \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\

\b 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sam\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ///\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
s(a)m\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. d\uc0\u257 na(\u7745 )
\b0  
\i d(\uc0\u257 na\u7745 ) 
\i0 N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0201 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,7; MASI 58), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sa bha\uc0\u7693 \u257 k\u257 rikasa mak[o]samasa d\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 _______\

\b 1. ///\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sa bha\uc0\u7693 \u257 k\u257 rikasa
\b0  
\i sabha\uc0\u7693 \u257 k\u257 rikasa 
\i0 N&vH. The editors note: \'93It is not certain, but likely that the beginning of the inscription is preserved. Sabha\uc0\u7693 \u257 k\u257 ra might be a place name.\'94 However, if one takes the first <
\i sa> 
\i0 as the Genitive ending of a lost word, 
\i bha\uc0\u7693 \u257 k\u257 rika 
\i0 may be satisfactorily understood on its own as a straightforward equivalent of Skt. 
\i bha\uc0\u7751 \u7693 \u257 g\u257 rika
\i0 , meaning \'93keeper of the storehouse.\'94 This title may be either a monastic title\'97attested for instance in a list of 13 offices in the 
\i Cullavagga 
\i0 of the P\uc0\u257 li 
\i Vinaya
\i0 \'97or an administrative one. See, respectively, Silk 2008: 106, 171; IEG, s.v. 
\i bha\uc0\u7751 \u7693 \u257 g\u257 rika
\i0 . As far as I know, this is the earliest epigraphic instance of this title. Unfortunately, the present context does not allow us to understand whether the donor was a monk or a royal officer.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. mak[o]samasa
\b0  The element 
\i maka- 
\i0 is also met as first element of a proper name, 
\i makabudhi
\i0  in EIAD 305.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0202 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,8; MASI 33), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
p[a]r[a]m[a]kanhasa bh\uc0\u257 riy\u257 ya siv\u257 sinik\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \u8232 \cf0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 bh\uc0\u257 riy\u257 ya
\b0  
\i bhariy\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 N&vH. The vocalic marker <
\i \uc0\u257 > 
\i0 is curiously appended to the right arm of the <
\i bha> 
\i0 and not to its serif. \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0203 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,9; MASI 76), slab
\b  
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0   \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
budh\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0204 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,10; MASI \'97),\cb5  fragment of a slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 \
Documented by neither VT nor RA. Reedited from the only published picture (N\'a04136).\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///[\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na] [s](e)na[rakh](i)tasa deyadha(ma)\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 [\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na] [s](e)na[rakh](i)tasa
\b0  
\i [na senarakhi]tasa 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0205 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,11; MASI 46), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  /// ? \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
m[\uc0\u257 ]ya d\u257 na \'b0u\cf2 t\cf12 aramitasa///\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0206 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,12; MASI 179), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ko\uc0\u7789 urakasa cadamughasa sabh\u257 t\u363 kasa d\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf12 sabh\uc0\u257 t\u363 kasa
\b0  
\i sabh\uc0\u257 tukasa 
\i0 N&vH.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0207 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,13; MASI 30), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///[\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
si]rik\uc0\u257 ya saputikaya saduhut\u363 k\u257 ya d\u257 na\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0208 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,14; MASI \'97), fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/// paghalasa d\uc0\u257 na\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0209 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,16; MASI 187), fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  \'b0\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
aya\'b0isip\uc0\u257 litasa sabhagi///(nikasa)\u8232 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0210 
\b0 (N&vH V.2,17; MASI 174), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
poku\uc0\u7693 (u)r(a)kasa ba///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb5 KnI0211\cb1  
\b0 (N&vH V.2,18; MASI 49), drum slab\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf9 MASI 49, pl. CXXXIV.3. Documented by RA.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf9 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gahapatino v[i]\uc0\u7693 aga///(n\u257 gilasa)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. v[i]\uc0\u7693 aga(n\u257 gilasa)
\b0  
\i v\uc0\u257 niga(sa)
\i0  N&vH, who see in this an equivalent to Skt.\'a0
\i v\uc0\u257 \u7751 ija
\i0 . My reading and reconstruction is supported by V.2,1. See also\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  V.2,4, n.n.5, and n.n.46. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0212 
\b0 (N&vH VI.1; MASI 235), slab\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cf. MASI 249.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
kupanara\uc0\u7789 hakasa \'b0aya///\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0213 
\b0 (N&vH VI.5; MASI 257),\cb5  small fragment\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Not identified as MASI 257  by N&vH. Poonacha describes this as the fragment of a stone bowl. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 Not documented by VT in 02/2020. Reedited from the only published picture (N 4204).\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ///\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sakasa [ce]/// \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0214 
\b0 (N&vH VI.6; MASI 220?), drum slab\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This might possibly be identical to MASI 220, if the editor then reconstructed silently the end of the name. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dha\'f1aka///\uc0\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0215 
\b0 (N&vH VI.7; MASI 55), fragment of a drum slab plinth\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MASI 55, pl. CXXXIV.8\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0  \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dha\'f1aka\uc0\u7693 ik\u257 ///(ya)\u8232 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0216 
\b0 (N&vH VI.8; MASI 252)\cb5 , fragment\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 IA-R 2000-2001, p. 77 and pl. 60; N4203-2\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 Not documented by VT in 02/2020. Reedited from the only published picture.\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
adh\uc0\u257 lakamah\u257 ceti///\

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (2) 
\b0 + \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.i .i .i/// \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b B. INSCRIPTIONS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED IN MASI WITHOUT DOCUMENTATION\

\b0 \
\cb5 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0217 
\b0 (MASI 151), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb11 RA: Although only a part of the unfortunately buried upright could be photographed the identification as MASI 151 is very likely. In light of the new material (cf. MASI 155 ), the suggested reading of 
\i setivayik\uc0\u97 \u772 ya 
\i0 can probably be amended to 
\i  sed\uc0\u803 ivayik\u97 \u772 ya
\i0 .
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \cb1 \

\b Text (RA&VT)\cf3 \
(1) 
\b0 (sed\uc0\u803 iva)yik\u97 \u772 ya bhikhuniya culay[\u97 \u772 ]ya\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (2)
\b0  (deyadha)ma\uc0\u7745  p\u97 \u772 yako sas\cf2 [u]\cf3 jiko\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. (sed\uc0\u803 iva)yik\u97 \u772 ya 
\i\b0 setivayik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. culay[\uc0\u97 \u772 ]ya 
\i\b0 culiy\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P.\

\b 2. (deyadha)ma\uc0\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhamma\uc0\u7745 
\i0  P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. sas[u]jiko 
\i\b0 sas\uc0\u363 jiko 
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0218 
\b0 (MASI 153), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (bhi)[kh]uniy\uc0\u257  \'b0ut\u257 ya d\u257 -\

\b (2) 
\b0 na\uc0\u7745 \
_____\

\b 1. (bhi)[kh]uniy\uc0\u257 
\b0  
\i (bhi)kuni 
\i0 P. \

\b 2. \'b0ut\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  \'b0
\i utaya 
\i0 P. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0219 
\b0 (MASI 154), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 + + + /// ya sam\uc0\u257 ya\

\b (2) 
\b0 (p\uc0\u257 yako) /// sasuciko d\u257 na\
_____\

\b 2. (p\uc0\u257 yako) sasuciko 
\i\b0 sa s\uc0\u363 ciko\

\i0\b 2. d\uc0\u257 na 
\i\b0 d\uc0\u257 nam 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0220 
\b0 (MASI 155), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya bhikhuniya culay\u257 ya
\i \

\i0\b (2) 
\b0 [d]eyadhama p\uc0\u257 yako sas\cf2 [u]\cf0 jiko [\'b0i]ma\uc0\u7745 \
_____\

\b 1. se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya 
\i\b0 setivayik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P.
\b \
1. bhikhuniya 
\i\b0 bhikhun\uc0\u299 ya 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. culay\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i culiy\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P.\

\b 2. sas[u]jiko 
\i\b0 sas\uc0\u363 jiko 
\i0 P.\

\b 2. [\'b0i]ma\uc0\u7745  
\i\b0 im\uc0\u257 m 
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \

\i0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0221 
\b0 (MASI 156), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  p\cf2 .\cf0 tiga[\uc0\u7745 ]bhig\u97 \u772 ya bhikuniya \cf2 v\cf0 eliya- \

\b (2)
\b0  y\uc0\u97 \u772 y\cf2 [a]\cf0  p\uc0\u97 \u772 yako sasujiko d[e]yadha\u7745 ma  \
_____\

\b 1. p\cf2 .\cf0 tiga[\uc0\u7745 ]bhig\u97 \u772 ya 
\i\b0 \cf3 \cb5 patigalig\uc0\u97 \u772 ya 
\i0 P. This seems to point to a hereby unattested toponym. \

\b \cf0 \cb1 1. bhikuniya 
\i\b0 bhikun\uc0\u299 ya 
\i0 \cf3 \cb5 P.\

\b \cf0 \cb1 1\'962. veliyay\uc0\u97 \u772 ya  
\i\b0 cetiyay\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P. There would be a space for an ak\uc0\u7779 ara at the beginning of l. 2, but we suspect an irregularity in the stone or previous damage may have dissuaded the lapicide to engrave that space. For names starting in 
\i vel\uc0\u299 
\i0 - see IBH, Kuda 21, Nasi 18.1.\

\b 2. sasujiko 
\i\b0 sas\uc0\u363 jiko 
\i0 \cf3 \cb5 P.\

\b \cf0 \cb1 2. d[e]yadha\uc0\u7745 ma 
\i\b0 deya dhamma
\i0  P.    \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0222 
\b0 (MASI 157), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 patumay\uc0\u257 ya duhut\u257 ya budha-\

\b (2) 
\b0 rakhitanik\uc0\u257 ya deyadhama\u7745 
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. patumay\uc0\u257 ya 
\i\b0 patum\uc0\u257 yaya 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. duhut\uc0\u257 ya 
\i\b0 duh\uc0\u363 t\u257 ya 
\i0 P.
\b \
1\'962. budharakhitanik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i\b0 budharakhitanik\uc0\u257 y\u257  
\i0 P.\

\b 2. deyadhama\uc0\u7745  
\i\b0 deyadhamma 
\i0 P.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0223 
\b0 (MASI 161), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///y\uc0\u257 ya \'b0atev\u257 [s].///\

\b (2) 
\b0 ///ganik\uc0\u257 ya deya///\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. y\uc0\u257 ya \'b0atev\u257 [s]. 
\b0  
\i yasa atev\uc0\u257  
\i0 P.\

\b 2. ganik\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i ghinik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0224 
\b0 (MASI 162), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 pavayitasa n\uc0\u257 g\u363 taraya- \

\b (2) 
\b0 sa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  deyadhama \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1-2. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 n\uc0\u257 g\u363 tarayasa
\b0  
\i n\uc0\u257 gutarayasa 
\i0 P. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0225 
\b0 (MASI 163), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 [cu]la\'b0is[i]dinayasa \'b0ate[v](\uc0\u257 )///(siniya)\

\b (2) 
\b0 (bhi)khuniya budh\uc0\u257 ya de///(yadhama) \
____\

\b 1. [cu]la\'b0is[i]dinayasa 
\b0 \'85 
\i la\'b0isidinayasa 
\i0 P. 
\i \

\i0\b 2. (bhi)khuniya
\b0  
\i bhikhuniya 
\i0 P. \

\b 2. de///(yadhama) 
\i\b0 deya \'85 
\i0 P.\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0226 
\b0 (MASI 164?), 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka\

\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 ex n.n.18. \cf3 The identification of this with MASI 164 is not entirely certain, because of the many differences between the text of Poonacha and the one presented here, but it seems possible that the person responsible for the transliteration was especially careless in this instance. \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 na(va)[ka]mikasa himalaya(sa)\

\b (2) 
\b0 \'b0atev\uc0\u257 [s]iniya dha\u7745 m\u257 ya d\u257 [na](\u7745 )\
_____\

\b 1. himalaya(sa) 
\i\b0 \uc0\u257 yahim\u257 layasa 
\i0 P.\

\b 2. dha\uc0\u7745 m\u257 ya d\u257 [na](\u7745 ) 
\i\b0 jaliy\uc0\u257 ya deya dhama 
\i0 P. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0227 
\b0 (MASI 165), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  v\uc0\u257 riy\u257 ya bhakhiniya [s\cf3 \uc0\u257 \cf0 ]manik\uc0\u257 ya deyadha\u7745 ma\cf3 \uc0\u7745 \cf0 \
_____\

\b 1. bhakhiniya 
\i\b0 bhagin\uc0\u299 ya 
\i0 P. Understand bhaginiya.\cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. [s\cf3 \uc0\u257 \cf0 ]manik\uc0\u257 ya 
\i\b0 s\cf3 a\cf0 manikay\uc0\u257  
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. deyadha\uc0\u7745 ma\u7745 
\b0  
\i deyadhama\uc0\u7745  
\i0 \cf0 P.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0228 
\b0 (MASI 166), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  dhamarakhit\uc0\u257 ya misina\cf3 \uc0\u7745 \cf2  \cf0  .i ? bhagin[i]///\
________\

\b 1.  misina\cf3 \uc0\u7745 \cf2  \cf0  .i
\b0  
\i  misina\cf2  \cf0 +
\i0   P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0229 
\b0 (MASI 167), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///[ra]\uc0\u7745 nik\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \
____\

\b 1. [ra]\uc0\u7745 nik\u257 ya 
\b0 \'85 
\i nik\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\

\b \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KnI0230 
\b0 (MASI 168), fragment of 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0  
\i\b0 \

\i0\b Text (VT&RA)\
(1) 
\b0 bhikhuni[ya]///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0231 
\b0 (MASI 169), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 pis\uc0\u257 cakok\u257 yiy\u257 na\u7745  gopa\u7745 \u7751 akasa putasa sapurisa yata\u7745 \cf3 \uc0\u7751 a[ka]\cf0 sa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  \'b0\u257 la\u7745 bana\u7745 \
______\

\b 1. pis\uc0\u257 cakok\u257 yiy\u257 na\u7745  
\i\b0 pis\uc0\u257 cakor\u257 \u7745  yiy\u257 no\u7745  
\i0 P.\

\b 1. gopa\uc0\u7745 \u7751 a[ka]sa putasa
\b0  
\i gopa\uc0\u7745 \u7751 akasa saputasa 
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. yata\uc0\u7745 \u7751 a[ka]sa
\b0  
\i yatona[ka]sa 
\i0 P.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. \'b0\uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\u7745 
\b0  Cf. N&vH\'92s discussion of the occurrence in II.4,1.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0232 
\b0 (MASI 171), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 See n.n.8
\i \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\i\b0 \

\i0\b (1) 
\b0 m\uc0\u257 ga\cf3 \cb5 \uc0\u7735 ukasa [c.]\cf0 \cb1 ///\
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. m\uc0\u257 ga\u7735 ukasa [c.] 
\i\b0 m\uc0\u257 gatukasa ca 
\i0 \cf0 P. In n.n. 9, the individual is named m\uc0\u257 g\cf3 a\cf0 [\uc0\u7735 u]rakasa.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0233 
\b0 (MASI 172),
\b  
\i\b0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0isirakhita///\
_____\

\b 1. \'b0isirakhita
\b0  
\i \'b0isirakhit\uc0\u257  
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0234 
\b0 (MASI 173), 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cf3 suta\uc0\u7745 tikasa
\b \cf12  
\b0 mitabh[\uc0\u363 ]tino bhaginiya bhikhuniya \cf2 [\'b0u]\cf12 t\uc0\u257 ya [\cf3 d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 ]  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
______\

\b 1. \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
suta\uc0\u7745 tikasa
\b0  
\i sutatikasa 
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. \cf12 mitabh[\uc0\u363 ]tino
\b0  
\i mitasatino
\i0  \cf3 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bhaginiya 
\i\b0 bhagin\uc0\u299 y\u257 
\i0  \cf3 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. [\'b0u]\cf12 t\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 t\u299 ya
\i0  \cf3 P. Cf. MASI 153. The first ak\uc0\u7779 ara is rather unclear. \cf12 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0235 
\b0 (MASI 175), drum slab\
\
Eastern \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \cb5 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb1 (1) 
\b0 gahapatino \'b0up\uc0\u257 saka[sa b](o)dhig\u363 tasa putasa \cf3 bodhiyasanakasa\cf0  \cf3 d\uc0\u257 na(\u7747 ) [sa](vo \'b0\u257 y\u257 ko)\
_______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. d\uc0\u257 na(\u7747 ) [sa](vo \'b0\u257 y\u257 ko) 
\i\b0 d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 P.\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0236 
\b0 (MASI 176), fragment of drum slab \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Belongs to the same slab as III.2,25.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0ayasa subh\uc0\u363 tino vih\u257 ro \
_____\

\b 1. \'b0ayasa
\i  
\b0 \'b0\uc0\u257 yasa
\i0  P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0237 
\b0 (MASI 177), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Belongs to the same slab as III.2,25.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0ayasa r\uc0\u257 hulasa vih\u257 ro\
_____\

\b 1. \'b0ayasa
\i  
\i0\b0 om. P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0238 
\b0 (MASI 182), fragment of drum slab plinth\
\
Southern \uc0\u257 y\u257 ka. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (\'b0up\uc0\u257 )///[sa]ka[sa] putasa bodhiyasanakasa d\u257 na\
________\

\b 1. (\'b0up\uc0\u257 )///[sa]ka[sa] 
\i\b0 ka(nhila) 
\i0 P. The reconstruction is supported by IV.10, dedicated by the same Bodhiyasannaka, presented there as bodhig\uc0\u363 ta\'b0up\u257 sakasa putasa. 
\b \
1. bodhiyasanakasa
\b0 \cf2  \cf0 See also MASI 175.\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0239 
\b0 (MASI 188), fragment of drum slab plinth
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (\'b0u)///p\uc0\u257 sakasa ka\u7693 \u257 tiyakhasa d\u257 na\
____\

\b 1. ka\uc0\u7693 \u257 tiyakhasa
\b0  
\i kad\uc0\u257 ti yakhasa 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0240 
\b0 (MASI 189), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 pusag\uc0\u363 tasa sam\u257 t\u363 kasa sabhatukasa d\u257 [na\cf3 \uc0\u7745 \cf0 ]\
____\

\b 1. pusag\uc0\u363 tasa 
\i\b0 pusagutasa
\i0  P.\

\b 1. sam\uc0\u257 t\u363 kasa
\b0  
\i sam\uc0\u257 tukasa
\i0  P.\

\b 1. sabhatukasa
\b0  
\i sabh\uc0\u257 tukasa
\i0  P. \

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 [na\cf3 \uc0\u7745 \cf0 ]
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na
\i0  P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0241 
\b0 (MASI 190), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 ko(\uc0\u7789 )u[ra]kasa \'b0utikasa m\u257 t\u363 y\u257  [d]///(\u257 na\u7745 )\
____\

\b 1. ko(\uc0\u7789 )u[ra]kasa
\b0  
\i kot\uc0\u363 rakasa
\i0  P. Cf. V.2,12. \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0242 
\b0 (MASI 191), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
ex n.n.55\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [p]. ? + ? na \'b0u[t]. + + + [yasa] + + + + + (pa)\uc0\u7789 o\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0243 
\b0 (MASI 192), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)\
(1) 
\b0 + + v\uc0\u257 nav\u257 sik\u257 ///(ya)\
______\

\b 1. v\uc0\u257 nav\u257 sik\u257 (ya) 
\i\b0 vanav\uc0\u257 sik\u257 (ya) 
\i0 P.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0244 
\b0 (MASI 193), drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 s\cf3 e[r](i)\cf0 v(\uc0\u257 )y(i)[k](\u257 )ya \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  c\u363 l\u257 ya bhikhuniy\u257  d\u257 n\cf2 \uc0\u257 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
__________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. se[r](i)v(\uc0\u257 )y(i)[k](\u257 )ya
\i\b0 \cf0  se[\uc0\u7789 i]vayik\u257 ya 
\i0 P. Cf. II.2,47, KnI0084, n.n.39, and MASI 155, all reading 
\i se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya
\i0 . The monastic donor may in fact be the same as the one in MASI 155. On the intervocalic development 
\i \uc0\u7693 
\i0  > 
\i r
\i0 , see \'c4M\'dc \'a7 201.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0245 
\b0 (MASI 195)\cb5 , fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 u[p]\uc0\u97 \u772 sa[ka]sa sam[a]kasa d\u97 \u772 na\u7745 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0246 
\b0 (MASI 199), 
\i puphagahani\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cf. II.2,19.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 dhamakadhikasa + + + + + + + + + + + [sa]h\uc0\u257  bh\u257 tu[n](\u257 ) n\u257 gabu\u10216 dhi\u10217 n[\u257 ]\
_______\

\b 1. dhamakadhikasa
\b0  
\i dhamakadhikhasa
\i0  P.
\b \
1. + + + + + + + + + + + 
\b0 On the basis of the close parallel in II.2,19, this could tentatively be reconstructed 
\i (\cf9 n\uc0\u257 gasirisa \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 dejadhama \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 
\i0 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ).\cf0 \

\b 1. [sa]h\uc0\u257  bh\u257 tu[n](\u257 )
\b0  
\i saha bh\uc0\u257 t\u363  ? 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. n\uc0\u257 gabu\u10216 dhi\u10217 n[\u257 ]
\b0  
\i n\uc0\u257 gabudhino 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0247 
\b0 (MASI 201), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// ? la\cf2 \uc0\u7789 \cf0 hi\cf2 ca\cf0 kasa sa ?///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0248 
\b0 (MASI 202), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// ? ? .\uc0\u257  ? [b](u)[dh]ino\
_______
\b \
? ? .\uc0\u257  ? [b](u)[dh]ino 
\i\b0 budhino 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0249 
\b0 (MASI 215), 
\i puphagahani
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (\'b0atev\uc0\u257 )///[s]iniya bodhisamaya deyadhama mah\u257 cetiyi bhikhuniya culak\u257 \cf2 tu\cf3 kiliya \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. (\'b0atev\uc0\u257 )///[s]iniya
\i  
\b0 (\'b0ateva)sin\uc0\u299 ya 
\i0 P.
\b \
1. mah\uc0\u257 cetiyi 
\i\b0 mah\uc0\u257 ceti
\i0  P. Understand 
\i mah\uc0\u257 cetiye
\i0 .\

\b 1. bhikhuniya
\b0  
\i bhikhun\uc0\u299 ya
\i0  P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. culak\uc0\u257 tukiliya 
\i\b0 culaka d\uc0\u257 rika ca 
\i0 \cf0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0250 
\b0 (MASI 219), 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// k\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0251 
\b0 (MASI 226), 
\i puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///maya mah\uc0\u257 cetiye [de]yadhama\
________\

\b 1. mah\uc0\u257 cetiye 
\i\b0 mah\uc0\u257 cetiya
\i0  P. 
\b \
1. [de]yadhama 
\i\b0 va [d\uc0\u257 ]na
\i0  P.
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0252 
\b0 (MASI 227), 
\i puphagahani\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///t\uc0\u257 ya puphagahani d\u257 na\cf2 \uc0\u7745 
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ________
\b \
1. t\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i taya
\i0  P.
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0253 
\b0 (MASI 230), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ex n.n.61 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  cadam\cf2 u\cf0 gham\uc0\u257 tuy\u257  d\u257 [na](\u7745 )\
________\

\b 1. cadamugham\uc0\u257 tuy\u257 
\b0  
\i cidumugham\uc0\u257 t\u363 ya 
\i0 P. Cf. V.2,12: 
\i \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cadamughasa
\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 . See also EIAD 79, l. 2: 
\i cadamukhasa
\i0 ; EIAD 241, l. 1-2: 
\i cadam[u]ghasa putasa
\i0 ; EIAD 630, l. 2: 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cadam\uc0\u363 khasa
\i0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0254 
\b0 (MASI 231), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  himasiriya d\uc0\u257 na\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0255 
\b0 (MASI 232)\cf3 \cb5 , slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1)
\b0  bhatinakam\uc0\u257 tuya ghariya d\u257 na\u7745 \
_____\

\b 1. bhatinakam\uc0\u257 tuya 
\i\b0 bhitinakam\uc0\u257 t\u363 ya 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. ghariya 
\i\b0 ghariy\uc0\u257  
\i0 P.\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 na 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0256 
\b0 (MASI 233), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  yakham\uc0\u257 t\u363 ya pa\u7789 o d\u257 na\u7745 \
_____\

\b 1. pa\uc0\u7789 o 
\i\b0 pato 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0257 
\b0 (MASI 234)\cb5 , fragment of a slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb1 \
Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1)
\b0  /// + nasa d\uc0\u257 na\
_______\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na 
\i\b0 d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  
\i0 P.
\i  
\i0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0258 
\b0 (MASI 236), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  nadasa \'b0u[p](\uc0\u257 )sakasa d\u257 na\
_______\

\b 1. \'b0u[p](\uc0\u257 )sakasa
\b0  
\i \'b0u(p\uc0\u257 )sakasa 
\i0 P.\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na 
\i\b0 d\uc0\u257 nam 
\i0 P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0259 
\b0 (MASI 237)\cf3 , 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  \'b0up\uc0\u257 sakasa [ka]la\u7751 akasa \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  deyadhama paya\cf0 \uc0\u10216 pa\u10217 \cf3 \uc0\u7789 o\
________\

\b 1. [ka]la\uc0\u7751 akasa
\i\b0  [ku]linakasa
\i0  P.\

\b 1.  paya\cf0 \uc0\u10216 pa\u10217 \cf3 \uc0\u7789 o
\b0  
\i paya\cf0 [pa]\cf3 \uc0\u7789 o
\i0  P. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0260 
\b0 (MASI 248)\cf3 , slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1) 
\b0 n\uc0\u257 garakhitay\u257 ya
\b  \
(2) 
\b0 samay\uc0\u257 ya ca tharo\
______\

\b 1. n\uc0\u257 garakhitay\u257 ya
\b0  
\i n\uc0\u257 garakhit\u257 ya
\i0  P. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0261 
\b0 (MASI 249)\cf3 , slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Cf. VI.1\
\

\b (1) 
\b0 kupa\uc0\u7751 ara\u7789 hakasa \'b0ayadha///\
______\

\b 1. kupa\uc0\u7751 ara\u7789 hakasa
\b0  
\i k\uc0\u363 pa\u7751 a ra\u7789 hikasa
\i0  P.\

\b 1. \'b0ayadha 
\i\b0 deyadha(ma) 
\i0 P.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 +++++++++++++++++\
 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0262 
\b0 (MASI 251), fragment of an umbrella shaft\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 sidha \uc0\u9674  namo \u9674  bhagavato \u9674  p\u257 va ?/// 
\b \
(2) 
\b0 deyadhama cata
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 _________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. sidha 
\i\b0 sidham 
\i0 P
\b \
1. p\uc0\u257 va ?
\b0  om. P. Could be read 
\i p\uc0\u257 va[\'b0i].\

\i0\b 2. cata 
\i\b0 cat\uc0\u257  
\i0 P. 
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf3 \
++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb5 KnI0263 
\b0 \cb1 (MASI 255+254)\cf3 ,
\b  
\b0 fragments of an umbrella shaft\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 The jonction of these two fragments was first suggested by RA.\cf2 \
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 (1)
\b0  ///siriyanas\uc0\u97 \u772 taka[n\u803 i]///(sa sa\u7745 vachare 10)///gimh\u97 \u772  pakh[e] 6\

\b (2) 
\b0 (sati)///[k](e)na mahadatasa/// (d\uc0\u97 \u772 na\'a0cha)///ta mah\u97 \u772 cetiye ||||\cf0 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \cf3 siriyanas\uc0\u97 \u772 taka[n\u803 i]///(sa sa\u7745 vachare 10)
\b0  
\i siriyana s\uc0\u257 taka\u7751 i 
\i0 P. Reconstruction in line of the close parallel I.11.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. gimh\uc0\u97 \u772  pakh[e] 6 
\i\b0 gimha pakha 5 
\i0 P.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \cf3 (sati)///[k](e)na\cf0  \cf3 mahadatasa (d\uc0\u257 na)
\b0  
\i ni mehadatasa
\i0  P. Compare KnI0011.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. (\cf3 cha)///ta mah\uc0\u97 \u772 cetiye 
\i\b0 ta mah\uc0\u97 \u772 cetiye 
\i0 P. \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0264 
\b0 (MASI 260), fragment of drum slab plinth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (bhi)///[kh]uniy\uc0\u257  cul\u257 [ya]///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0265 
\b0 (MASI 261), fragment of drum slab plinth\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ex n.n.7\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///[y]iy\uc0\u257 na t\u257 pa///
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
KnI0266 
\b0 (MASI 262), base of a small 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 halabic\uc0\u257 na \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bh\uc0\u257 \u7789 inakasa bhay\cf3 \uc0\u257 j\cf0 a \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  up\u257 sik\u257 ya \u9674  bh\u257 \u7789 iniya \u9674  ceti\'b0a \cf3 k\uc0\u257 rita\u7745 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 _______\

\b 1. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 halabic\uc0\u257 na
\b0  
\i halibhic\uc0\u257 na
\i0  P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. bh\uc0\u257 \u7789 inakasa 
\i\b0 gatinokasa
\i0  P. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. bhay\uc0\u257 ja
\i\b0  bhay\uc0\u257  je
\i0  P.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bh\uc0\u257 \u7789 iniya
\b0  
\i g\uc0\u257 tiniya
\i0  P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0267 
\b0 (MASI \cf3 264\cf0 ), fragment of an octagonal pillar \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 On the same pillar as II.5,9. See Tournier 2020: 869 and fig. 3 (published as II.5,11)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \'b0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u257 vesanisa \u9674  bala .[i]///\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. bala .[i]
\b0  
\i bali 
\i0 P.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0268 
\b0 (MASI 266), fragment of an 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// d\uc0\u257 na\
_____\

\b 1. d\uc0\u257 na
\b0  
\i d\uc0\u257 nam
\i0  P.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0269 
\b0 (MASI 269)\cb5 , fragment of an 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1)
\b0  n\uc0\u257 ga\u7751 akham\u257 tuya ? ///\
_____\

\b 1. n\uc0\u257 ga\u7751 akham\u257 tuya 
\i\b0 n\uc0\u257 ga\u7751 ugam\u257 tuya 
\i0 P. Understand 
\i n\uc0\u257 ga\u7751 aka-
\i0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b D. PREVIOUSLY UNDOCUMENTED RECORDS (NOT IN MASI)\

\b0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0270
\b0 , small fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// mav. ///\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\

\b KnI0271
\b0 , fragment of a 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Fragment unknown to Zin 2018: 48\'9650.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///bodhi\uc0\u7745 \cf3 nha\cf2 la\cf0  \cf2 +\cf0  ///\
______\

\b 1. bodhi\uc0\u7745 nhala + 
\b0 Perhaps read
\i  bodhi\{\uc0\u7745 \}nha[pa](na)
\i0 , skt. 
\i bodhisnapana
\i0 , on which see A\uc0\u347 Av 100-102. \
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0272
\b0 , 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 ex n.n.3 + 63. \cf3 Two fragments.\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///(p)[uta]sa \uc0\u9674  sir[i]v[ijaya]///(s\u257 taka)///(ni)sa \u9674  savachara 4 \u9674  gimh\u257 na p\u257 kha 2 \u9674  [di] + ///\

\b (2)
\b0  ///ya \uc0\u9674  budh\u257 yaya sisi/// + + + ///[ya] \u9674  sisini\'b0a \u9674  no\u7693 hikhe\u7693 ik\u257 \'b0a \u9674  pava ? ///\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0273
\b0 \cf3 , 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 First edited in IAR 2000-2001, p. 77. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  (nandy\uc0\u257 varta) (si)[dha] bodhiparig[\u257 ]hakasa v\u257 \u7751 iyasa budhila[\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ]sa payasagh\uc0\u257 do deyadhama (svastika)\cf0 \
__________\

\b \cf3 (nandy\uc0\u257 varta) (si)[dha]
\b0  
\i \'85 net
\i0  IAR.\

\b bodhiparig[\uc0\u257 ]hakasa 
\i\b0 bodhiparigrahakasa
\i0  IAR. This epithets may be compared to 
\i sih\uc0\u257 sanaparigahaka- 
\i0 occurring on a potsherd from Salihundam. Cf. Strauch forthcoming, Sal039.  \cf0 \

\b \cf3 v\uc0\u257 \u7751 iyasa 
\i\b0 vaniyasa
\i0  IAR.\

\b payasagh\uc0\u257 do 
\i\b0 payasa pato 
\i0 IAR.\cf0 \

\b \cf3 deyadhama 
\i\b0 deyadhama 
\i0 IAR. \cf0 \
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0274
\b0 ,
\b  
\b0 fragment of drum slab plinth
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)\cf3  
\b0 (ga)///[hapat](i)[no] vi\cf2 \uc0\u7693 a\cf0 ga[n](\uc0\u257 )gi[la]///(sa)\
____\
1. Reconstruction on the basis of V.2,1. See also V.2,4 and n.n.46. \
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0275
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///siy\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0276
\b0 ,
\b  
\i\b0 \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 See MASI 171\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  m\uc0\u257 g\cf3 a\cf0 [\uc0\u7735 u]rakasa \u9674  nudutarasa d\u257 na\
_______\

\b 1. nudutarasa
\b0  Understand 
\i nadutarasa.
\i0 \
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0277
\b0 ,
\b  
\b0 fragment of 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///na\uc0\u7745  d\u257 na\u7745 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0278
\b0 , fragment of a \cf2 base-slab\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  ? bodhiru\cb5 kh\cf3 ape\uc0\u7693 h\cf2 i\cf3 k\uc0\u257 \u9674 c[e]ti\'b0a ?\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. bodhirukhape\cb1 \uc0\u7693 \cf0 hik\uc0\u257  
\b0 The substantive 
\i pe\uc0\u7693 hik\u257  
\i0 (then spelt 
\i pe\uc0\u7693 h\u299 k\u257 
\i0 )
\i  
\i0 is also found in composition in n.n.33, l. 1, and in n.n.77, l. 2. Cf. AMg 
\i pe\uc0\u7693 hiy\u257  = 
\i0 Skt. 
\i p\uc0\u299 \u7789 hik\u257  
\i0 (see also 
\i p\uc0\u299 \u7789 h\u299 
\i0 ), meaning \'93seat, base, pedestal\'94
\i . 
\i0 See, for instance, NWS, s.v. IEG, s.v. gives \'93platform\'94.
\i  
\i0 \cf2 Could this point architecturally to a base? On the stool being mentioned in the context of Awakening, see for instance DN-a I.57-58. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0279
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Cf. II.2,30.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 jogasa ?///\
\
+++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0280
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///[s]\uc0\u257 pu[r].ya [s].///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 KnI0281
\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0 \'a0(sava)///chare 10///\

\b (2)
\b0 \'a0///t\uc0\u97 \u772 pa///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'a0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0282
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment
\b  
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// ? \cf2 [\uc0\u7751 ]\cf0 i ? [\uc0\u7751 a] sa [m].//\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0283
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// sa\cf3  sad[u]t[u]kasa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 \
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. sad[u]t[u]kasa
\b0  Cf. e.g. EIAD 344.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0284
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 la[\uc0\u7789 ha] ?///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0285
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///ga[hapa]///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0286
\b0 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka 
\i0 fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [dha]\'f1ak\cf2 a\cf3  ?\cf0  ?\
______\

\b 1. [dha]\'f1ak\cf2 a\cf3  ?\cf0  ?
\b0  Possibly to be reconstructed as 
\i [dha]\'f1ak\cf2 a\cf3 (\uc0\u7789 asa\cf0 )
\i0 . To the left of the vertical of the <
\i ka>
\i0 , there is a sign which, if not an accidental scratch, could mark an <
\i e>
\i0 .\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0287
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (puphaga)///[\cf3 ha\cf0 ]ni d\uc0\u257 [na\u7745 ]\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0288
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [na\cf2 da\cf0 ]n\uc0\u257 gasa k[a]no///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0289
\b0 , fragments of a
\i \cf3  
\i0 (
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0 ?) base\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Two fragments\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [b\uc0\u257 ]l\cf2 a\cf0 k\uc0\u257 [hi]
\b  
\b0 /// ? kehi ca \uc0\u9674  \'b0ima deyadhama \u9674  padapa\u7789 ape\u7693 h\cf2 \uc0\u299 \cf0 k\uc0\u257  k\u257 rit\u257 \

\b (2) 
\b0 s\cf2 a\cf0 valokahit\uc0\u257 ya\
_______\

\b 1. padapa\uc0\u7789 ape\u7693 h\cf2 \uc0\u299 \cf0 k\uc0\u257  
\b0 Cf. 
\i payapa\uc0\u7789 o
\i0  in II.6,1-4 and MASI 237. On -
\i pe\uc0\u7693 hik\u257 
\i0 , see n.n.11.
\b \
 
\b0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0290
\b0 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka 
\i0 fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///lasa d\uc0\u257 na\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0291
\b0 , 
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka 
\i0 fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 pavayita[sa]///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0292
\b0 , fragment of octagonal? shaft\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// + + ? ? ///
\b \
(2) 
\b0 ///
\b  
\b0 \cf12 satikena \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf12 ma[h]///(\uc0\u257 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
senadatena)\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\

\b 2. \cf12 ma[h]///(\uc0\u257 \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
senadatena) 
\b0 This reconstruction is justified by comparison to \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 KnI0100\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, l. 2: 
\i satikena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  mah\uc0\u257 senadatena \cf0 \uc0\u9674 \cf13  k(u)m\uc0\u257 radatena
\i0 .\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0293
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///punavas(un)[o]///\
_____\

\b 1. punavas(un)[o] 
\b0 Cf. \cf9 II.2,17: 
\i \'b0ayapunavasuno
\i0 . \cf0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0294
\b0  
\i p\uc0\u257 yaka 
\i0 fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Identical text to KnI0084.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 se\uc0\u7693 ivayik\u257 ya [\'b0i]///(si)-\

\b (2) 
\b0 lanik\uc0\u257 ya [d]\u257 (na\u7745 )
\b  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0295
\b0 , small fragment
\b  
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 hima[d].///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0296
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///\cf2 sa \cf0 puphagahani///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0297
\b0 , 
\i puphagahani
\i0  fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// lasa sa[tiriya]///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0298 \cf3 \cb5 (
\b0 EBIS C10)\cf0 \cb1 , 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gulbarga Museum, Acc. No. 242-B. The inscribed part could not be documented, since it is lying against the wall.\
Previously edited in Nagaraja Rao 1985: 44, no. 26, pl. 81-82.\
Edited on the basis of the published rubbing in Nagaraja Rao 1985, pl. 82. See also EBIS, pl. 21-A.\
Sarma and Rao classify this inscription as a memorial stone, but its description makes it certain this is a coping element: \'93A cornice beam with a sculptured frieze depicting elephant[s?] and winged animals, bordered by a flower band on the upper register and bells at the lower\'94. The text is moreover closely related to that of MASI 173, and its being a donative record was rightly recognised by Nagaraja Rao.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 [s]u[t]a\uc0\u7745 tikasa mitabh\u363 tino bhaginiy\u257  sam\u257 \'b0up\u257 sik\u257 ya///\
______\

\b 1. [s]u[t]a\uc0\u7745 tikasa 
\i\b0 puta tikasa 
\i0 NR; 
\i dhujikatasa 
\i0 S&VR.\

\b 1. mitabh\uc0\u363 tino
\b0  NR; 
\i kitabhutino 
\i0 S&VR.\

\b 1. bhaginiy\uc0\u257  
\b0 NR; 
\i bh\uc0\u257 gin\u299 ya 
\i0 S&VR.\

\b 1. sam\uc0\u257 \'b0up\u257 sik\u257 ya
\b0  Cf. V.2,6: 
\i sam\uc0\u257 ya \'b0upasik\u257 ya.\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0299
\b0 , fragment of a slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///yadhama pa\cf2 [r]\cf0 ip\uc0\u257 \u7693 i\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0300
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// gharaniy\uc0\u257  ///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0301
\b0 , fragment of drum slab plinth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// \uc0\u7789 hasa[\u7789 ]. ///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0302
\b0 , fragment of an umbrella\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [tha]sa deyadhama chata\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0303
\b0 , slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// [b](u)dhino budh\uc0\u257 ya ca d\u257 na\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0304
\b0 , small fragment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 /// \cf2 [ma]\cf0 tev\uc0\u257 s\cf2 a\cf0 na\cf2 \uc0\u7745 \cf0  bhaga ? ///\
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. [ma]tev\uc0\u257 sana\u7745 
\b0  The reading <
\i ma> 
\i0 seems fairly certain, although one would expect a <
\i \'b0a>.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0305
\b0 , slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1)
\b0  budh\uc0\u257 ya d\u257 na\u7745 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0306
\i\b0 , 
\i0 fragment of a 
\i buddhap\uc0\u257 da
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Documented by R. Arlt\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)\
(1) 
\b0 /// [sa]ghamita ///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0307
\i\b0 , 
\i0 fragment of a 
\i puphagahani
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 /// [sa] d\uc0\u257 na[\u7745 ]\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0308
\i\b0 , 
\i0 fragment of a slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (VT&RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 /// d\uc0\u257 na\u7745 \
 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0309
\i\b0 , 
\i0 fragment of a drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (RA&VT)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 /// dhiga ///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0310
\i\b0 , 
\i0 drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (RA)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 ga[dh](aku)[\uc0\u7789 ]i\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0311
\b0 , drum slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (RA&VT)
\b0 \

\b (1) 
\b0 dha\'f1a[ka\uc0\u7693 ](i)kasa v\u257 sumitaputasa himarakhit[a]///(sa)    \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb16 KnI0312
\b0 \cb1  fragment of an octagonal pillar \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Text (RA&VT)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (gi)///[mh](\uc0\u257 )na \u9674  pakh[e] 6 \u9674  d[i]///(vasa)\

\b (2)
\b0  /// \cf2 [ra]\cf0 pe\uc0\u7693 h\cf2 \uc0\u299 \cf0 k\uc0\u257  ///\

\b (3) 
\b0 /// [la]chiya \uc0\u9674  bo \cf2 ? .i \cf0 /// \

\b (4) 
\b0 /// gahi /// \
____________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \cf2 [ra]\cf0 pe\uc0\u7693 h\u299 k\u257  
\b0 On 
\i pe\uc0\u7693 hik\u257 /pe\u7693 h\u299 k\u257 
\i0 , see n.n.11. The reconstruction of this compound that would allow some hint of the object to which this fragment originally belongs is unclear. Compare n.n.35 + 33: 
\i padapa\uc0\u7789 ape\u7693 hik\u257 
\i0 ; n.n.11:  
\i bodhiru\cb5 kh\cf3 ape\uc0\u7693 hik\u257 \u9674 c[e]ti\'b0a.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \cb1 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0313
\b0  fragment of an 
\i \uc0\u257 la\u7745 bana\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Documented at the site by M. Zin in 2009. 
\i\b \
\

\i0 (1) 
\b0 /// sa d\uc0\u257 na\u7745  
\b  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0314 
\b0 (EBIS C15), fragment of a 
\i ka\'f1c\uc0\u363 k\u257 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Gulbarga Museum, Acc. No. 189-B. According to EBIS, found \'93lying in the ruined 
\i st\uc0\u363 pa
\i0  near the temple\'94. EBIS mistakenly refers to ARIE 1968-69, p. 32, no. 92. The right of the inscription, was edited afresh in von Hin\'fcber 2016: 8, n. 5, and is referred to in Zin 2018: 64-66, without reference to EBIS. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0  \cf2 [su]\cf0 vinaviy[\uc0\u257 ]ka[rana] \u9674  
\b  
\b0 to\uc0\u7693 asa deyadhama sava\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. [su]vinaviy[\uc0\u257 ]ka[rana] \u9674  
\i\b0 \cf0 \'b0aka\uc0\u7789 hinibiy\u257  karaya 
\i0 S&VR; om. vH.
\b \cf3  
\b0 \cf0 von Hin\'fcber, comments however comments: \'93The first nine
\i  aks\uc0\u803 ara
\i0 s, which are separated from the second part of the inscription by a gap, seem to contain the title of the lost image.\'94 The reading 
\i suvina 
\i0 corresponds closely to Pkt. 
\i suvi\uc0\u7751 a
\i0 , P. 
\i supina
\i0 . Cf. CDIAL, s.v. 
\i supna
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. to\uc0\u7693 asa 
\b0 vH; 
\i bho\uc0\u7693 asa 
\i0 S&VR. 
\i  
\i0\b \
1. sava 
\b0 vH; 
\i sava
\i0  \'85 S&VR.
\b  
\b0 Cf. KnI0139:
\i\b \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\b0 to\uc0\u7693 agahapatino deyadha[\u7745 ]ma sava.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0315 (
\b0 \cb5 EBIS A2)\cb1 , fragment of a slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gulbarga Museum, Acc. 017-W.\
Previously edited in Nagaraja Rao 1985: 41, no. 1, pl. 55. See also Nakanishi and von Hin\'fcber 2014: 19-20. Reedited on the basis of the published estampage. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 siddha[\uc0\u7745 ] \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  ra\'f1o v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 h[\u299 ]putasa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  siris\u257 [da]///(ka\u7751 isa)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b (2)
\b0  [pa]vajitena \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  n\u257 gabu[dh]i[n](\u257  \u9674 ) ? ? \cf2 [ra\'b0i]\cf0  ? de .i///\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b (3)
\b0  yakh(i)y\uc0\u257 ya ? ? ///\
____\

\b 1. siddha[\uc0\u7745 ]
\b0  
\i siddham
\i0  NR; 
\i sidha\uc0\u7747 
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 h[\u299 ]putasa
\b0  
\i vasi\uc0\u7789 hiputasa
\i0  NR; 
\i v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 hiputasa
\i0  N&vH.\

\b 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
siris\uc0\u257 [da](ka\u7751 isa)
\b0  
\i sirisata 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 NR; 
\i siri s[\uc0\u257 ta](\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ka\uc0\u7751 isa) 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH. See I.10, l. 1: 
\i s[i]ris[\uc0\u257 ]daka\u7751 i[sa]
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 ? ? [ra\'b0i] ? de .i
\b0  
\i (\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0antev\uc0\u257 siniya bhikhu\u7751 iy\u257 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
) 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 NR\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
; 
\i (\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'b0atev\uc0\u257 siniya bhikhuniy\u257 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
) 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The reading is un\cf0 clear, but the reconstruction suggested by Nagaraja Rao and accepted in later publications is impossible and, as stressed by Nakanishi & von Hin\'fcber 2014: 19\'9620, it \'93does not make sense.\'94\
\
+++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0316 
\b0 (EBIS E29\cb5 )\cb1 , slab?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ARIE 1968-69, B. 93\
No documentation available. Text reproduced from ARIE with slight modifications.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 ///valiyatay\uc0\u257 na\u7745  \'b0a\u7745 tev\u257 sin\u299 ya \

\b (2)
\b0  ///\uc0\u7789 ik\u257 ya piyako deya///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\

\b D. MEMORIAL STONES\

\b0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0317 
\b0 (MS 1)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 bhojaka\uc0\u7789 akasa sa\u7693 akiyasa sa///
\b \

\b0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0318 
\b0 (MS 2)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 s\uc0\u257 ///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0319 
\b0 (MS 3)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 gharini ///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0320 
\b0 (EBIS E12)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// [la]kasa bhadapa\uc0\u7693 a\cf2  \cf0 /// 
\b \
(2) 
\b0 /// [sa]manakasa///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0321 
\b0 (N&vH VI.4)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 (gha)///ra[ni]ya sa///\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. (gha)ra[ni]ya sa
\b0  
\i [kapa]yasa
\i0  N&vH. The editors believe an isolated 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara <ja> 
\i0 is located below l. 1, but no such 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0  is visible on the stone.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0322 
\b0 (MS 6)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// dharaga ///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0323 
\b0 (MS 7)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 r\uc0\u257 jar(\u257 )jakasa bhojakasa r\u257 jaka [kha]///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0324 
\b0 (MS 8)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Cf. EBIS C2
\b \
\
(1) 
\b0 ///[p]i\uc0\u7751 ik\u257 ya
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0325 
\b0 (N&vH VI.2)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 mah\uc0\u257 nasaka\cf3 va///\
_______\

\b \cf0 1. mah\uc0\u257 nasaka\cf3 va
\b0  : 
\i \cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mah\uc0\u257 nasukav[o] 
\i0 N&vH. 
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0326 
\b0 (EBIS E33)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 patha\'b0in[i]k\uc0\u257 ya
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0327 
\b0 (MS 11)\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (1) 
\b0 n\uc0\u257 \u7693 \cf2 e\cf0 ///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0328 
\b0 (MS 12)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 ///
\b  
\b0 ? pati\'b0a ca pa\uc0\u7789 o
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0329 
\b0 (MS 13)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 ///? [tharo]\
___\

\b 1. ? [tharo] 
\b0 Reconstruct 
\i (cha\'b0a)[patharo]
\i0 ?\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0330 
\b0 (EBIS E5; N&vH VI.3) \
\
N&vH overlooked the fact that this was already published in EBIS.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) [
\b0 \'b0\uc0\u257 ]\cf3 \'b0e\cf0 sanisa///\
______\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. [\cf0 \'b0\uc0\u257 ]\cf3 \'b0e\cf0 sanisa\cf3  
\i\b0 \cf0 \'b0a\'b0esani[sa]
\i0  N&vH. The editors comment: \'93Segmentation and interpretation of this sequence of ak\uc0\u7779 aras is unclear; perhaps 
\i ae > aye 
\i0 for 
\i aya 
\i0 (?) followed by a personal name Sanisa[ (?).\'94 It is more tempting to see here a title corresponding to 
\i \uc0\u257 vesanisa
\i0  in MASI264.\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0331 
\b0 (MS 15)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 da\cf2 \uc0\u7735 ha\cf3 s\uc0\u257 ya
\b \cf0 \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0332 
\b0 (MS 16)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Part of the slab is covered by the fragment bearing MS16, so no full reading is possible.\

\b \
(1) 
\b0 /// \uc0\u7751 a \'85
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0333 
\b0 (MS 17)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 + ? ? sa[ba]la[nasa] 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  
\f0\fs36 \cb11 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 g[o]pi[ni]k[\uc0\u257 ]ya
\b \cf0 \cb1 \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\cf9 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0334 
\b0 (MS 18)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) ///
\b0  \cf2 [s]i
\b \cf0 \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0335 
\b0 (V.2,15) \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 This is a memorial stone fragment, not a donative record as seems implied by N&vH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 banikasa ray\cf2 \uc0\u257 [k].\cf3 ///\cf0 \
____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. ray\uc0\u257 [k]. 
\i\b0 \cf12 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
rayana(sa)
\i0  N&vH. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0336 
\b0 (MS 20)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// s. dha ? ///\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0337 
\b0 (MS 21)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 ex n.n.64. \cf0 Documented by R. Arlt\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 saj\cf2 [\uc0\u299 ]\cf0 ta\cf3 k[i]ya sasoba\cf2 [v]\cf3 u\cf2 [\uc0\u7693 hi]\cf3 ///\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0338 
\b0 (MS 22)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// ta ///
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0339 
\b0 (MS 23)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// [th]. [r]. [\'b0a] ? .\uc0\u257  ? [chili] ? 
\b \
\

\b0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0340 
\b0 (MS 24)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(1) 
\b0 /// yay[i]t\uc0\u257 ya \cf2 \
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0341 
\b0 (MASI 263), slab\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ex n.n.17. \cf3 Poonacha describes the object as a tenon of a stambha.\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 kama[sa]\cf2 kh[i]\cf0 ya\
__________\

\b 1. kama[sa]\cf2 kh[i]\cf0 ya 
\i\b0 kamalalakhiya 
\i0 P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0342 
\b0 (EBISB5)\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ARIE 1966\'961967: B223; Nagaraja Rao 1985: no. 7 / pl. 61; EBIS B5; Ollett & Griffiths forthcoming. \
Only the first line of the inscription and parts of the two first 
\i ak\uc0\u7779 ara
\i0 s on line 2 is visible at the Mahis\uc0\u803 \u97 \u772 suramardin\u105 \u772  temple, where it was first documented. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b (1)
\b0  mud\uc0\u803 \u97 \u772 n\u803 a mah\u97 \u772 g\u97 \u772 miku-\

\b (2)
\b0  m\uc0\u97 \u772 rasa \'b0otikasa\

\b (3)
\b0  bhat\uc0\u803 ib\u97 \u772 lik\u97 \u772 ya\

\b (4)
\b0  \'b0ahimarik\uc0\u97 \u772 ya\

\b (5)
\b0  purisadat\uc0\u97 \u772 ya\
_____\
3-5. Cf. EIAD 670, l. 1: 
\i \cf3 \'b0ahimar[i]k\uc0\u257 na bha\u7789 ib\u257 [l]ik\u257 ya mah[\u299 ]p\u363 risadat\u257 ya
\i0 .\
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
POSSIBLE CASES 
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 n.n.41
\b0 , relief fragment (memorial stone?)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 TEXT (VT&AO)\
(1) 
\b0 /// ? \cf2 na\cf0 sa \uc0\u9674  \'b0anu\cf3 bh\uc0\u363 t\cf2 at\cf3 iva\cf2 g\cf3 apha\cf2 [lo]\cf3 ///\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri114\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (2) 
\b0 /// ? kali  \uc0\u9674  \'b0anam\cf2 o\cf0 si vasi///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 _____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. \'b0anubh\uc0\u363 tativagapha[lo] 
\b0  Earlier reading \'b0
\i anubh\uc0\u363 ta[v]iv[\u257 ]gapha[so]
\i0 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 n.n.42
\b0 , stele or memorial stone fragment?\
\

\b (1) 
\b0  svasti \uc0\u347 r\u299 \'b0a\cf2 [c]u\cf0 su \cf2 .ya\cf0 ///
\b \
(2) 
\b0 + + \uc0\u7693 i  + ? + ? + +///\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b E. OTHER INSCRIPTIONS FROM EBIS\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++\
\
(EBIS A1; N&vH A)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 (v\uc0\u257 se\u7789 hi)///[p](u)[t](a)[sa s]iris\u257 taka\u7751 isa samuditabalav\u257 hanasa abhagav\u257 hanasa s\u257 tav\u257 hanasa be\u7751 \u257 ka\u7789 avidabha\'b0uparigirapar[\u257 ]ta\'b0asakam\u363 \u7693 akasajayavicakoravalara\u7789 hadakhi\u7751 a///(path). \

\b (2) 
\b0 (su)///s\uc0\u363 sakasa pitusatuveraniy\u257 takasa \'b0anekasa[\u7745 ]g\u257 mavijitavijayasa khakharatakulagh\u257 takasa \'b0anekar\u257 jamathakapatigahitasa padanas\u257 sanasa \'b0ekakusasa ekadhan[u]dha///(rasa)\
\
++++++++++++++++++++\
\

\b EBIS B3
\b0 , base fragment
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 ex n.n.40\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (1) 
\b0 \cf2 /// \cf3 mah\uc0\u257 sen\u257 y\cf2 a\cf3 sa baliva\cf2 da\cf3 rav\uc0\u257 sino\cf12  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  \cf3 \'b0\uc0\u257 yak\cf2 u\cf3 \uc0\u7789 isa\cf12  \cf0 \uc0\u9674  va\u7751 iyakena \u9674  [n].///\
______\

\b 1. -\cf3 va\cf2 da\cf3 ra- 
\b0 This could perhaps be read -
\i va\uc0\u7735 ara
\i0 -\cf0 \
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\

\b EBIS D6\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Gulbarga Museum, Acc. No. 40-B.
\b \
\
(1) 
\b0 /// putasa \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  hathilasa n\u257 \u7789 ik\u257 ya budhas\cf2 e\cf0 niy\uc0\u257 na\cf2 \uc0\u7745 \cf0  mun\uc0\u257 \u7735 iya\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9674  n\u257 \u7789 ik\u257 ya [p\u257 ]k\u257 raya tiy\u257 ya govidasiya \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 (2) 
\b0 /// .ik\uc0\u257 ya \u9674  na\u7789 iya g\u363 \u7789 aputiya\'b0a \u9674  \'b0ayad\cf2 \uc0\u257 \cf3 siya\cf0  \uc0\u9674 \cf3  \cf0 na\uc0\u7789 iya va[\u7735 ]u[ki]y(\u257 )ya \u9674 \cf3  \cf0 mug\uc0\u363 dik\u257 ya\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
_____\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. putasa 
\i\b0 siri \'85 mi putasa
\i0  S&VR.\

\b 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 \u7789 ik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i na\uc0\u7789 ik\u257 ya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mun\uc0\u257 \u7735 iya
\b0  
\i mun\uc0\u257 \u7693 iya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
n\uc0\u257 \u7789 ik\u257 ya
\b0  
\i na\uc0\u7789 ik\u257 ya
\i0  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
govidasiya
\b0  
\i govid\uc0\u257 siya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 .ik\uc0\u257 ya
\b0  
\i na\uc0\u7789 ik\u257 ya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na\uc0\u7789 iya
\b0  
\i na\uc0\u7693 iya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\

\b 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
g\uc0\u363 \u7789 aputiya\'b0a
\b0  
\i gu\uc0\u7693 aput\u299 ya\'b0a 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'b0ayad\uc0\u257 siya
\b0   
\i \'b0ayad\uc0\u257 s\u299 ya
\i0  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
na\uc0\u7789 iya
\b0  
\i na\uc0\u7693 iya 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. va[\uc0\u7735 ]u[ki]y(\u257 )ya
\b0  
\i valukiy\uc0\u257 ya
\i0  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
mug\uc0\u363 dik\u257 ya 
\i\b0 mukhudikoya\uc0\u7745  
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S&VR.\
\
+++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 KnI0XXX 
\b0 (N&vH \cf3 \cb17 II.9,2\cf0 \cb1 ; MASI \'97)\cf3 \cb5 , postsherd\
\pard\tx5515\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Documented by neither RA nor VT. Reedited from the only published picture.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b (1)
\b0  /// \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
p[o]galika\cf13  \cf3 \
________\
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 1. p[o]galika
\b0  
\i \cf13 pakhalako 
\i0 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 N&vH\cf13 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. On this term, marking that individual items where for the private use of a monk, see Strauch forthcoming.\cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb5 KnI0XXX (N&vH II.2,44)
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li3\fi-3\ri1352\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb1 Not documented by VT in 02/2020. From the published documentation (N\'a03681), and from the further documentation taken by RA, it is uncertain whether this 
\i puphagahani 
\i0 was in fact ever engraved with an inscription. For the time being, it is thus excluded from the corpus.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li708\fi-708\ri115\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}